
I went down the block to Radio Shack and they had an Ultra SanDisk 32g micro memory card that said it was Windows compatible for $28.
The reason why I gave it 4 stars is because the keyboard is somewhat hard to use for the first time, the text input is a few microseconds delayed when you use the keyboard and the keys are very sensitive.
When using the speaker phone option you can't initiate speaker until the other party answers which is very annoying.
unfortunately I can not return because I'm not in the US but are a fraud Algon offer is not up photos in the gallery had the phone and separate the speaker does not work FRAUD.
The back cover was a little hard to open but once I got it open and installed the battery and micro SD card it sealed up tight with no problems.
For less than the price of a used Iphone 3g, I got a factory unlocked phone that can do all the same things, but adds microsoft office, an hd camcorder, and the biggest factor is that this phone asks before distributing all your private user information.
Was unable to dail out you could only talk on the phone with the speaker.
has worked well for over a yearis splash proof, dipped it in ocean a couple of timessound quality not greatringer not loud enough for outdoorgood value for rugged phone.
The only things I don't like is that the S5 is a longer phone and the audio does not seem quite as loud as the S3 and really weak compared to my Note 3.
"John Smith, Mobile"PROSExcepts up to 8GB microSD RAMSpeed dial number oriented (allows more than one speed-dial number per phone book entry)Works well with Bluetooth: Tested with Bluetooth Headsets Jawbone ICON and Plantronics Discovery 975FOIBLESBattery CoverAs with other evaluations, the back of this phone is (putting it mildly) DIFFICULT to remove once the battery is inserted.
This phone takes the tiny Nokia barrel connector, it is NOT the common micro USB.
My Galaxy S4's both microphone and speaker stopped functioning in 3 months after I bought it (which apparently was a very frequent failure of S4), and after 1.
(just a pet peeve of mine) The speakers are average in tonal quality and loudness.
If your are using this phone to make calls without skype (AT&T or other compatible carrier -- there will be no echo problems and the Jabra speakerphone will not be necessary).
The speakers are not very loud, not enough for me to sing along during a shower.
