When I took off the back of the phone to remove the battery so that I could install my SIM card, it was a real chore to get the back to "click" in.
Beside the poor battery life I recommend this phone.
Excellent battery life.
The battery lasts very long.
(after 2 weeks using it)*Pros:- light- I charge battery once a week.
Well they "fixed" it only for her to get it back with the battery cover falling off.
The OS is reliable, stable, very easy to use, and the battery life is pretty decent.
The Battery is really discharging so easily even when put the battery on save battery mode.
everything i need in a phone, great signal strength amazing battery life and very durable.
My last move is to restore factory setting, then battery ran out and I have one more brick in my home.
Yesterday, seven days after the "Return Window", the battery of my'Nokia 2720 S40 Unlocked Flip Phone with 1.
I loved the camera, the touch screen, the long battery life, and even the qwerty keyboard.
Right balance of weight, good screen size, very good battery life.
When the battery is low I can simply swap it.
EVERY time after I put in the battery and switch it on, it resets the Date/Time/Country.
However after a few months, it started to shutdown without warning (battery was charged) and sometimes, when this happens, it would erase the entire contents.
Everything is good except for the battery.
If I have a heavy texting day, the battery life plummets.
However, the battery sucks.
Eventually, I took out the battery and turned it back on and my inbox was cleared.
The battery lasts for a day easily with just phone calls and browsing.
Once I charge it after 4 days of use and it still has battery life on it.
And the battery in the phone would not hold a charge thank God I still have the other phone, and I put it in the phone to see if it would work and that old battery works like a charm.
Most of the time removing the battery solves the problem, but sometimes it doesn't and I just have to wait it out.
Negative: to conserve battery the phone shuts off the display until you open it, which means that you can't see the hour or if you have a missed call or a message.
Order arrived two days later (free shipping),battery last for days, great camera and able to download free cool apps.
the battery do not last long, I charge it every 3 days, though I do not use text message or connect to internet, nor do I listen to music via it since I got a good Mp3.
Probably is a really nice phone but despite watching 2 U Tube videos on how to remove the back of the phone so the battery and SIM card can be inserted, I could not get the back off.
The battery life downside i haven't noticed that yet.
One of the methods the manual offers to conserve battery life is to lower the brightness of the display.
A tip for those with bad battery life if you turn off the wifi when not in use the battery will last quite a while.
Everything is good with this device except for the battery it dies in just under two hours if I am playing music.
My dad has found himself accidentally turning it on on at least a few occasions, causing unnecessary battery drain.
Impressed with customer service, they called me and are sending a new, replacement battery immediately.
Pros:AMOLED ScreenBattery lifeIris scannerIntegration with Windows 10 desktopLight weight for it's sizeReplaceable battery (if you can find one)USB-C charge/data port where it does not matter how you plug it in since it is reversibleCons:feels kind of cheap in the hand.
If you are looking for a reliable phone that makes great quality calls, has good battery life and is reasonably-priced then this is the phone for you.
- The battery life can be kind of short, I don't make many calls but I do browse the web a lot and this can consume the battery in just 2 days specially if you are using 3G.
One time it hangs completely and I have to remove the battery to restart it.
Pros:--battery life--solid voice quality--quick and smooth operating system--good predictive texting--threaded text messages--simple mp3 player--flashlight--web browser so slow you'll never be tempted to use it--little 2mp camera good enough for quick, unimportant picsCons:--has web browser--buttons a bit small (though I have huge hands and don't really have a difficult time navigating the buttons)--can't delete apps from menu--AT&T about to take down 2g network, leaving only TMobile's.
We fully charged the battery, put the GSM Sim inside but it is not working.
hey this phone is awesome if you don't want a huge touch screen 2-hour battery-lasting phone that falls and breaks.
They feel cheap and are cheap, but they are surprisingly durable, have great battery life, and just plain work.
if you are looking for a cell phone that is robust, has a great reception, extremely simple to use and long battery hours, this is the one.
CONS: GPS aplications resident are confusing, Media manager is not friendly, battery life is terrible.
Texting just eats the battery up.
There I was using the phone after supposedly charging it all night and it dies and I was concerned, however My best friend has a Nokia and lend me her charger and it worked just fine thank god hehe and also the battery life is pretty good I think, at least in my case, it's lasted more than 2 days before completely dying and I have been using it a lot b/c I'm still transfering contacts and other stuff.
The problem with the auto-shut off feature appears to be, that the screen goes off as it should, but if I leave the camera function on and then while the screen shuts down, it does not shut down the camera and the battery continues to be depleted as if the screen was on and I was using the camera.
We have searched to see if we can buy a replacement battery to no avail.
came with wrong battery.
Another highly important aspect is the battery life.
However; after only 2 weeks of use the battery completely died and will not hold a charge any longer.
I liked so much this cellphone, include beautiful disign, longer battery, widescreen quality and the functionally.
Good phone, just need a larger battery and better apps.
This time I order two Nokia 5310, one for me and one for my wife, the red one for my wife is okay but my black one is really bad, the battery can last only one day while it should last about 3 days according to my normal use.
I put in the AT&T SIM, 4 GB of extra memory and the battery and the phone fired right up.
My phone still has the original battery though it doesn't keep the charge as long as it used to when I first got it and I charge it about every 2 days now.
When I got it, though, it would kill the battery in half a day and get really hot.
The battery life is pretty good for a smart phone.
- Replacable battery.
It was awesome, the battery would last 5-7 days.
It was really easy to put my SIM card in this phone, there's a slot right next to the memory card slot on the left side of the phone (instead of having it under the battery like in a lot of other phones).
Many times the screen will freeze and the only way to get the phone working agin is to remove the battery.
It's light and small, buttons feel good, battery life is long, and the phone is solid as a rock like Nokia always is.
It looks like the standby battery life is two or three days, a little shorter than what I had on my Nokia flip phone but perfectly acceptable.
This Nokia phone is lightweight, has great call quality, and has a removable battery (something you don't find in smartphones these days), and a micro sd card slot.
I've dropped it onto a cork or wood floor a couple of times: the back came off, battery came out, but no damage.
I couldn't even charge the battery with that phone.
SIM cardTransfering my SIM card was a snap, so you know on this phone the SIM card slides into a slot with the little gold part facing up instead of down, and is located below where the battery goes.
The battery life was lower than expected.
You can get about 1 day of battery life, less than what I get on my smartphone.
Plus the awful battery life: less than a 12-hour day with any real use.
The battery life is great.
Volume wasn't good, must be set for battery conservation.
[this cellphone don't give me access i only can look the battery load.
I bought this phone thinking that it was one of the best phones but after three months it started to heat and the battery lost all his energy.
On the third week of owning the phone it will not power on,if by chance it powers on it freezes on the initial screen and you have to remove the battery in order to power it off.
- I don't see that the battery lasts for too long.
The phone looks new, and it has a great battery life.
however, don't assume the battery life lasts like the old Nokia1100 and all.
I was very disappointed when I open the pack, no cover, no battery, and was locked for ATT, for what I paid it was a lost, I had to purchase another one at the storeVery disappointedSorry, never again.
Now the battery indicator has a tendency to be 100% all day long, and I do talk more than when I was testing the phone.
And the battery is made in China and has no indication it is an OEM version.
The battery only last a couple days after fully charged.
Great battery life, fine call quality, annoying screen resolution and OS.
Phone display is impressive, camera is good, battery life good, speaker also okay.
The call quality is good enough, and the battery lasts about a week with light use (a few short calls and texts, and maybe 30 mins of music listening a day).
Has very good battery life and the os works extremely smooth after a week of playing with it.
The only minor problem is the battery.
" You know you'll get excellent RF and audio performance, and good battery life.
Decent battery life depends on usage of phone.
great battery life.
It's never given me any warning, just shut the phone off when the battery is out.
Texting still eats up the battery and I still charge every night.
My husband likes his Nokia Cell, however something is wrong with the battery and its off by itself every five to ten second and its hard to figure it out what's happening because no manual booklet came with the phone.
(Update: new battery made no difference in battery usage.
Had to purchase another battery :(.
battery with phone will not hold charge.
Still works, the battery still last about 7 days.
But it's nice that the USB port and the port for charging battery and for speakers are all on the top of the cell phone and not on the bottom or the side- The Nokia ovi app store is propably the worst thing on this phone.
That wouldn't be such a big issue if my wife didn't have to remove the battery daily in order to reset the phone.
A couple of weeks ago, I contacted the seller about the battery since it would not hold a charge more than a day, and if I talked on it, only a few hours, but they said that there was nothing they could do about as I`d had it too long.
When it freezes up, sometimes the only solution is to pull the battery which sometimes causes all settings and information to be lost.
Checked the charger and the battery - both seemed to be fine so it must be something badly made inside the phone.
I can't tell you how often the phone gets completely locked up and the battery has to be removed in order to "reboot" it.
With most, despite assurances to the contrary, the battery wouldn't last much more than a day.
It also never lags and has great battery life.
Anyway - if you want a phone that texts very easily, has a 4-day battery, a very convenient and useable features, and yet not crack open the crack-pipe of the internet constanly, the Asha 302 does it with style and then some.
I bought this phone for my mother that doesn't have a data plan but needed a new phone that was reliable and had long battery life and didn't require a data plan.
This phone is great as a phone (only as a phone), easy to use, great for contact detail, good battery life (3-4 days with minimal use, 1-3 with moderate)great sound for media/calls and acceptable Wifi.
Long battery life and clear voice calls make it a nice phone.
The battery life is about the same for any other phone I have had and even better seeing as how I am always listening to music.
Solid phone, a mature Windows phone with an amazing camera, top battery life.
The battery last around a week, with a 3-4 hours talking, around 15 text messages, alarm clock every day.
For instance, if you only use music player for about 4 hours, then the phone's battery will decharged within the next 24 hours during which the phone is actually in stand by and everything is off.
This info can be found on the white label under the battery.
But not everything is perfect, there's two points that Microsoft failed, the chipset it is not enough to handle Windows Phone 10 ( with the 640XL I have no issues at all), and the battery life is good but it's necessary to charge it day by day.
phone works ok but the battery is no good shows full charge until no charge.
It's very inexpensive, the battery lasts incredibly long, the voice clarity is great, and it has excellent reception.
I'm still getting about three days of battery life on it (the original battery) before it needs charging but I rarely makes any calls (only daily texting).
The battery is horrible but otherwise its a good phone.
The phone that was sent is definately nicer but it had no backing to hold the sim/battery in.
Better battery life with GSM.
The only negatives are a relatively short battery life (it must be fully charged every day) and confusing offers from Nokia, charging for downloads that don't appear and which, it turns out, aren't compatible for this particular model.
Phone is unlocked, highly recommend the Nokia 220 for people who do not need a humongous, bloated, battery sipping and expensive smart phone.
But one of what I don't appreciate on this Phone is the rapid discharging of the battery.
That was unacceptable to me and I returned it due to the battery issue.
Only in the water for less than 5 seconds, I pulled the battery, let everything dry and it appeared it was going to work, but then died two days later.
I like the Nokia N95 NAM version that I had before, the battery life was longer,and the sound was much better.
That fixed the heat and battery drain, though it definitely isn't as good on battery as the 1520 was.
 My battery is then almost fully depleted.
For my purposes, mostly music, appointments and alarms, and the phone, it is stable with just 1 exception when the battery overheated while I was talking on the phone and connected to my Wi-Fi.
The only detail known is the battery consumption.
Unfortunately there are a few things I do not like:1) The phones battery life is poor and unpredictable.
The battery life is just incredible.
A really nice phone, battery life is good for a smart phone, the screen resolution is very good the its light weight, the memory is also expandable with an sd micro card 4g network makes browsing excellent.
Biggest benefits of these phones are dual sim and long battery life.
Overall he says he is happy with it for its battery life and decent sized screen (an upgrade from his previous phone).
I previously had a Nokia 2320 ($20 Go phone model), and I got over a week of battery life on that phone.
When I did notice the phone getting hot, it did consume more battery life that usual.
User changeable battery.
is a Chinese product of very poor quality, this is a scam, it is not an original Nokia product, the price is not also worth the cover of the battery defective wine, in addition to last long in coming, not recommended at all the reputation of seller, I hope amazon punish him for mocking their customers.
Just recently it refused to start even after the battery was removed and we had to plug into the charger to get it working again, even though the battery had been fully charged the previous day.
I read lots of negative reviews about the battery life, but many sources I read noted that the battery life problems were fixed after a certain firmware version.
The last con I want to bring up is the battery life.
The only issue I found is battery, if you surf internet, use bluetooth and gps all day your battery will die before before the day ends, but not big deal because all smart phones with same characteristics has same issue.
battery symbol just goes red.
The product is good and has fabulous battery power.
The cover on the back that goes over the battery is a thin flimsy piece of plastic which constantly falls off while in my pocketbook and the battery falls out.
The Sim card is very hard to remove as you have to remove the battery.
It has come to the point now where I have to remove my phone battery when it freezes.
I purchase this phone and even replaced battery and less than a year later it will not even come on.
If you leave the GPS function running by accident though it seems to drain the battery quickly.
Great battery life.
Besides, the actual standby time of the battery is not 432 hrs as it is advertised, but about 200 hrs, not more.
The numbers and writing are way too small and the battery does not last very long.
I got this phone for my wife and so far she really likes it, it is easy to use, stylish, has many features, very good reception (our provider is att) & the battery life is very good as well.
I have had problems at call termination with the phone locking up which has required me to remove the battery as a solution.
The battery died in less than 24/hours.
-The battery is a pain in.
It lasts almost an entire day in the "battery low" feature - so I would say it has great battery life.
Yesterday I toasted the battery in about 6 hours from a mixture of trying out the Mp3 Player and playing with the internet, setting up, etc.
I didn't figured that battery life on any new "Prior Generation Phones" (like the E51 or E52) would be dubious at best -- since and the battery would have been resting in a "New Unopened" box for so many years in a discharged state.
-Generic battery [one hour.
The battery charge will last 3-4 days with light use.
The fact that the battery is so easily replaceable is HUGE for me.
The only way to "reboot" it is to remove the battery.
The battery life is decent lasting a whole day with some web browsing, watching around 1.
The manufacturer label (and label under battery cover - see photos) showed clearly that this was the 301.
After a couple of minutes I just pulled the battery and inserted it and it was alright.
The biggest problem was the battery died every night.
This cell phone is everything it says , a long lifetime battery, a good signal range.
The screen resolution is not as high as iphone or samsung, BUT 1- it is not bad at all and 2- due to lower screen resolution, the battery lasts 2-3 days instead of 1 day.
The bad thing about that the phone cannot recover by itself from hanging up and in order to revive this phone you have to manually remove the battery.
My battery life is ok; I listen to music all day on stereo bluetooth, so I really give it a work out and have to keep it charged.
Initially I turned off the haptic feedback vibration in hopes to preserve battery, but I found that it helps with navigating the touch screen.
The phone is greed to use up the battery's energy.
-Decent battery life: usually goes a few days per charge.
I suspect the battery forcing the cover up along with the unusual hinge angle over the earphone jack as the cause of the difficulty.
nice phone if you just want a phone with good battery life and talks pretty good i fringe areas.
Any time the phone starts making a sound it's quicker to take the battery off than trying anything else.
- In several occasions it has crashed, meaning that you hung-up a call and freezes, the solution is take the battery off and put it back.
The slot for the SIM card is under the battery.
Sometimes it doesn't responds to the power button so you have to take the battery off in order to restart the thing.
Phone was not new, it was not unlocked and battery doesn't work.
main issue is that battery is not as advertised, i only use it to send sms messages (few per day) and i need to fully recharge battery after a week.
It's something wrong with the battery.
Nice and simple basic phone with good battery capacity.
I charged the battery with my old 6350 Nokia and after pressing the on button for at least 30 minutes it finally turned on only to have it turn off again after several weeks.
Pop the battery in and you are good to go.
Decent battery life (several days even after making multiple calls)You won't ever be caught ignoring your kids staring at a smart phone all day.
The biggest problem with this phone is its battery charge longevity.
It's has battery problem, It switch off with a command.
This very basic phone has a superb battery life, an OK camera, and served her needs perfectly.
i've changed the battery, the charger, resetting.
I can use the phone as a modem and the battery is easily replaced.
I have had a number of phones with removable battery covers, but never like this one.
The Seller was nice enough to sent me a fresher battery; it did not iimprove sufficiently to make a big difference.
Terrible battery life.
Second, the battery was in a bad state, it doesn't work, so I had to buy a new one, in that moment I noticed that the cellphone was a copy because the new battery say "NOKIA" and also has the official sticker.
I purchased this phone because I needed a solid battery life and talking phone for college.
I didn't charge it when home until it had gone a whole week and was down to 2 bars of battery.
I have a minor concern with the battery cover, it seems like it was more of an afterthought in the design of the device, there is no buttons or latches to secure it, just a few tabs that u click it into.
Its very light weight and for now the battery backup is good.
The phone runs very quickly and has an amazing battery life.
My old phone had been dropped so many times I had to tape it together to keep the battery in.
) Useless low battery notification.
Call quality is good and battery life is above average.
phone is good, battery doesn't last.
My parents and some friends want some of this phones so I am going to order more but if you look for a better camera and better battery life look for the Lumia 640 XL.
In this light, the phone shines as a more flexible device with swappable memory, battery and service, features not present in the lauded iPhone, but I say what's to compare.
We usually get about 3 days of battery life with the phone on with not much use.
the telephone arrives me under very good conditions (NEW SEALING IN ITS BOX) the excellent software works well in venezuela with the company movistar all its functions up-to-date mail, msn, facebook, wi-fi, everything very well, but what I don't find well is that not all the accessories were in the box I lack the tv cable and the base to place the telephone: (that hurtsNOTICES: the battery doesn't last but d 7 hours that is very bad.
and the battery almost never runs out.
THEREFORE, I presume I have been sold a used phone with a worthless, self-printed manual and a Chinese non-OEM battery.
We received the phone, followed instructions from removing the battery to inserting the SIM card went to charge it but it never turned on.
Video webcam available via 2 cameras, not locked on to a monthly $30 data plan like the Iphone, battery on par with my previous cell phones, touch screen is as good as it gets.
The battery life is stellar.
The phone works great, and the battery life is at least as good as I expected, probably better.
I have had absolutely no problems - no screen freezing and battery life has been very very good.
I am particularly impressed with the battery life.
I agree the battery is not the best, but I have had worse.
There is a seperate slot opposite the battery for a memory cardSoundExcellent very clear, no static or distortions.
They also have great battery life.
My only problem is the battery doesn't stay charged very long and the volumn isn't quite as loud as I would like.
The battery life does seem to be on the shorter side but make sure you close web applications after use.
I had ordered another, spare, battery and that worked a little better.
The phone works fine, but the battery cover is very flimsy.
It has a larger display than my old nokia so it's easier to see when I'm texting, good battery life, good signal strenght, a decent camera, if you're used to nokia features-they're all there & some seem improved.
If dropped sometimes battery falls out.
super long battery life, clean live sound from speakers, easy to use display and on-screen keyboard.
gps eats up battery.
and with such constant use (which is unusual for a typical user), the phone was able to operate for a full day and a half before the battery warning kicked in.
Fast delivery, received a decent phone, large responsive screen, the battery life is just about right although it takes longer to charge.
As to the power consumption issue that has appeared in some European reviews, I just don't see it - I fully charged the phone over 2 days ago, have left it on - with Bluetooth enabled - and made several calls and the battery shows 75% full.
I had an earlier version of this phone for many years and decided to replace it only because the battery was nearing the end of its life.
I have been playing with my phone all day running the wifi, making calls, downloading games, playing games, and my battery has not gone down at all.
But the battery on this one lasts for days.
I had a cheap nokia a long time ago and I always found that it had the best reception and best battery life of all my phones.
The cellphone that come to my house is a copy, it doesn't say "Nokia" inside (in the zone of the battery), the battery doesn't say Nokia neither.
Camera is excellent, battery life is awesome.
Otherwise than that, the phone has good battery life, very clear headset speaker and back speaker is pretty loud, screens real bright and clear along with good display of colors.
Now this is meant to be my back up phone but with excellent battery life decent camera and fast performance it has become my main phone atleast until the Lumia 950 is released this is priced below its value you point.
The back cover will only slide downwards for a few millimeters, where then you can lift the cover to access the battery and the SIM slot.
There was a missing battery cover and missing memory card I return it back.
The SIM mechanism isn't spring loaded so in order to remove it you need to remove the back cover, remove the battery, extract the stylus and then push the SIM out using the tip of the stylus.
So access to the SD card is often and since I couldn't even open the back cover off to put the phone's battery it, (if you have joint problems or joint issues this phone is not for you) well, it wouldn't work for me.
Its battery is poorI'm happy with this.
Good phone but after about a month the battery overheats constantly and phone starts acting wacky.
Advice: turn of 3G in menu if you are not using Internet - battery should last longer.
I took this on a business trip: after four days of light use, battery was still at 60% (3 of 5 bars).
battery only lasted a day and a half very poor.
This is infinitely better than my Go-Phone that would awaken me when I was charging the battery overnight.
Great battery life too.
Continuous intense use runs battery down in 8 to12 hours.
An hour-long call is enough to bring the battery life down to half-charge.
It took 54 minutes to re-charge the battery to full.
The battery is fairly good sized (BL-5J).
The issue is that once you start using it, the battery life drops dramatically.
Great Phone and excellent battery performance.
Through Amazon, I contacted supplier and asked for a replacement battery since original couldn't be charged, Supplier sent a new phone, AC charger and battery.
The battery charges quickly.
If the battery proves to be really strong, or weak in these conditions, I'll report back.
Only complaint on this one is short battery life.
Long-lasting battery.
Speaking of the battery though, I've found the battery to last quite a long time otherwise though.
The only bad thing about it is the battery little short if u keep using it for wi-fi.
(A tip for you is to make sure you fully charge the battery with the phone off when you get it initially, it operates and keeps it charge as it should this way).
The integration with Microsoft Exchange is very bad: the calendar has a limit of entries it can load, after that the phone freezes when you open the calendar, and I need to disconnect the battery to turn it off.
And I can't replace the battery myself.
battery can use 5 days.
I don't make many calls or send many texts and I get about 3 days of battery life before I need to recharge it.
This phone was advertised to get 37 days of standby battery life.
I just carry an extra battery in my backpack.
Un big problemi : the battery.
============================================ 10 DAYS LATER UPDATE:-------------------------------Here we go:PROS:1/ The battery issue disappeared after about 1 week nightly recharging.
the phone has the big battery.
-Generic battery lid,is grey with matt finish.
Only minimal configuration was required to meet my particular desire to have the GPS function never access the internet and to run the network in GSM only mode to save battery life since I never access the 3G network.
Also, any time it got dropped, even on carpet, the whole thing would fly apart, battery cover, battery and phone would all part ways.
The battery doesn't hold a charge for more than 24 hours.
This got so bad, I had to put a little piece of paper between the battery and the case to press it into place.
The only problem with it -- at least with the one I've got -- is the battery, you need to re-charge it every day.
I'm getting 4+ days battery life on T-mobile.
The battery started running out in two days with basically one hour talking time per day.
Does what I want it to do, it is a replacement or backup phone since my other 6350 does not charge the battery anymore.
If you're in a meeting and the alarm starts ringing, you need to enter the code to unlock the phone before turning it off, what I do instead is to take the battery off.
" The camera never worked right from the start and everyday it got worse, pixelating and soon, getting stuck in camera so that I had to remove the battery to unstick it.
The battery cover is easy to remove but I do it breaking if you're a power user with a spare battery and you want to constantly swap the batteries out with a fresh one.
Got mine and the battery was a serious issue.
My phone generally just sits in a low-power sleep mode awaiting calls, so that might explain my highend battery life.
every thing is very goodbut i think the battery is not Originalthank you again.
This was 350 USD when I bought it and has gone down to 300 (as nokia is trying to put out a newer model)Cons:As with other reviews, the plastic battery cover needs to be a lot sturdier.
The battery life is pretty good.
The worst thing that has ever happened was the battery cover popping off.
But just take out the battery for a second and put it back in and its all fine again.
Phone arrived with incorrect battery.
So we would have to take the battery out and re-adjust the sim card.
With a small folding Bluetooth keyboard (The Iphone won't let you do that yet) and a battery backup charger (get one that uses either AA or AAA batteries so you can keep replacing the batteries)I can watch movies, listen to music, write long emails or notes and play games for all of my long haul flights and layovers.
Good reception, battery life and in call quality.
On my previous Nokia flip phone, I was used to seeing the battery gradually discharge and I knew when it was time to recharge.
When done, I was down one of the four bars indicating battery life.
I have an Iphone 5 and the main reason for getting this phone was for international travel and battery life (backup phone)Also this is not the dual sim phone version.
The battery life alone makes this a great phone.
It warned about using a high amount of bandwidth (1MB update), and recommended that the battery was over halfway charged.
I initially had difficulty charging battery and getting phone to work.
I bought it for its longer than normal battery life.
Long battery usage, less expensive but very useful.
This cell is not genuine Nokia , is a vulgar copy , battery came damaged , only brings three languages ​​and neither is Spanish , what the ad is a lie , honestly lost my money because this cell look like a toy.
Not sure what the deal is, but my battery life isn't nearly what I'd expect out of a modest feature phone.
The only way to stop it is to pry off the back and remove the battery - not something easily accomplished when you've just awakened in a panic.
The battery life is pretty decent.
It is very compact, it works on all non-3G GSM bands (doesn't seem to be working with AT&T's 3G frequency, but that is not important for a phone like this), it has a good reception in all zones covered by AT&T and a pretty good battery life.
So I am not going to make software reviews on a beta OS just yet but for me battery life is good so far.
Works very well and you can use almost two day with the battery.
Not a problem for me, but I would love to have it heavier/bigger, but with a decent battery.
I bought this phone for the advantages to NOT owning a smartphone: longer battery life, higher durability, lower cost, but still good at accomplishing what it needs to.
So the phone comes like is should, with the charger, USB cable, 2500 removable battery and the phone itself, a AT&T sim and a printed paper with the instructions for make the phone fully unlocked as well.
A solid dumb phone with possibly the longest battery life in its class; other people take its lack of camera and basic web functionality as a con but it is getting increasingly difficult to find a dumb phone with NO frills.
5/ Help and support are pathetic6/ The battery died after about 8 hours, during which time I had made 3-4 calls.
Considering this issues, what's the use of all the functionalities of the phone when you should turn them all off to save battery energy.
I had a Nokia 6303i classic before and I would still prefer my old cell phone, but it had problem with the battery after a while and turned itself off for no reason.
Problem continued even after the battery was replaced.
I have recently ordered a new OEM battery.
(A new phone was cheaper than a new battery.
It has decent processing power, a nice big screen, and a great battery life for a smartphone (3 days.
Great battery life5.
"John Smith, Mobile"PROSExcepts up to 8GB microSD RAMSpeed dial number oriented (allows more than one speed-dial number per phone book entry)Works well with Bluetooth: Tested with Bluetooth Headsets Jawbone ICON and Plantronics Discovery 975FOIBLESBattery CoverAs with other evaluations, the back of this phone is (putting it mildly) DIFFICULT to remove once the battery is inserted.
It also gets stuck frequently, some times for a few seconds - some times I need to take out the battery and power up the phone all over again.
Here are my pros and cons about this phone:Pros:1) Battery Life: I have had many touch screens (instinct, moment, hero, pixi, G1) and of all the phones I have had the battery life lasts sooooo much longer.
The battery was draining at the beginning, but I followed these instructions and problem solved: [.
Strengths of the phone; Good build quality, durable, good battery, Music and media player and GPS.
I'm out $60 and can't even return due to Li battery.
* The battery life is sub-par.
After several battery pulls and reboots, I finally got it to turn on.
