Every thing is great except that you guys sent me through wrong charger can you please send me the galaxy s5 charger and I'll return the android charger you sent me back thanks in advance.
I really enjoy the angle of the charger as it makes for a great "alarm clock" type set up.
You will need to connect a fast charger to the base (instead of the phone).
Won't work even if connected to charger.
All the music from my samsung impression SD card transferred with no problemsIt came with a European power adapter but I found out the all my Samsung Impression's accessories are compatible with the 2100 so my car charger, plug-in power adapter and even the headset all work on the 2100.
A charger, battery and earbuds were included.
The phone did come with a charged battery, European charger, North American plug converter, ear-piece & mic, and non-english instruction booklet (Polish I suspect).
It came with the phone, charger, and a pair of headphones.
I liked the version Samsung China has wireless charger, 3 gb of ran, is fast I have no problem with it for the moment.
Pros* Very nice screen, surpasses any other touch-screen I've used* Very easy to learn the functions included* A lot of customization options included in interface* Uses standard Micro-USB charger* Has X-Box live capabilities* A generous sized screen* Can use internet over WI-FI* Zune music and videoCons* Battery can sometimes only last for 24 hours* If on T-Mobile or other carrier besides AT&T cannot send or receive pictures* Low quality cameraAnother heads up would be that if you want to sign into your current X-Box live account, make sure to use the e-mail linked to that account or else it will set u up with an automatic account and you cant change it unless you proceed with a master reset :( i made that mistake when i first got the phone.
wall charger, data cable, headphones, cd-rom disk with software to transfer files from phone to computer, and 2 manuals (one in Spanish and one in English), and a warranty card with 1 year warranty.
Sometimes I put it on the charger and it charges very quickly.
It came in the original Samsung Box, no AT&T branding, I received a USB cable, an Earpiece, a Battery, the Device of course and a charger to power this beauty up.
Since you can link information from Messenger, Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter of your contacts, live tiles will tell you if anyone of your contacts in the group has shared something in any of those networks and you can make any comment or share anything you want without using any app, because everything is integrated in the OS, but not everything is perfect, now I have to charge the phone twice a day, actually now I have a charger at home, at office and the car (I hope there is a way to fix this because the battery lasts some time 5 or 6 hours, if you play a game then it will last 1 hour).
Great charger works great easy to use even with a protective cover over my phone it works unlike others I have tried this one really works.
The item did not arrive with the battery or charger.
Or, if it gets recognized, the charger repeatedly beeps thinking that I just placed the phone on the charger.
The phone has a memory card capability to it and it uses the same charger as most current phone and even the Kindle.
The charger was also ripped open.
They check my charger and guess what.
Love this charger, works great.
But the one I received did not come with the Samsung adaptive fast charger to connect to this to power it up.
The charger doesn't come with.
The phone arrived way before the expected time in condition described by the seller; new with charger, samsung headphones and usb connector.
Comes with the original box, charger, earphones and stuff.
First the charger quit working within 12 hours of use and then the phone started messing up.
As well as the charger and ear phones, with extra ear buds to change out or replace lost ones.
Much bigger than my older non-fast charging wireless charger, but on the plus side -- the contact is made more easily and does not "disconnect" The device is always at 100% in the morning.
Screen protector was reapplied and the charger cord was dirty and wrapped in masking tape.
Be aware it does not come with the charger to plug into it.
We have a company with 40+employees that use the phones strictly for PTT, are used 24/7 and are heavy users of the chargers.
Unfortunately the charger that came with this one did not work properly and had to have weight put on the charger for it to charge.
In addition the power charger started tripping the GFI outlet where its plugged in when the phone was charging.
This charger meets all my expectations, I'm very pleased.
The charger does not come with a cable, but it's the same cable as works for the phone.
I bought through Amazon a Samsung S 5 and the phone would not charge, the charger was fine but the phone would not charge so I had to return it to replace it which this one is fine.
plus the charger that came with it doesnt even work on my old phone.
I give a ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️Because the phone came in his original box with there original headphones and charger and perfectly unlocked and ready to used, I was skeptical to buy the phone since he only had one review but I said let me give him a chance and see he can proved to me that the phone was what he said.
I'm still trying to find chargers for them.
Attempting to contact seller to see if they will replace the charger I forgot to mention this is an At&T phone so if your planning on using it on a different carrier it may not fully perform all functions.
Phone arrived in very good condition, with charger and ear buds.
I also got the car charger and data cord.
The phone charger was on fire when i first used it and this seller never answered.
the battery was horrible charge lasted 3 hours and the charger that came with it was broken and didnt even charge the phone in the first place.
This product did not come with a charger , which I foolishly assumed was automatic.
The charging port does not work unless the charger is angled in a specific way, and this has been tested with multiple chargers.
It comes with the standard international charger after for US power requirements.
Honestly, I would recommend you but if please check your chargers before shipping them.
Samsung's included charger is equally pathetic, comparing a similar capacity battery (~1500mAh) and charger from Palm, Sony-Ericsson, Motorala and RIM all of which charge much faster.
I'm looking for a better battery and I've bought additional charger and USB cables.
Super fast charger.
Because the charger es bad.
It comes with the charger cord, outlet adapter, and a set of earphones.
The phone was sent with a charger.
One of the phones have a bad charger port.
After several attempts by various means, we already have a couple S5's in our home and f their factory chargers would charge it.
I use a slim clear silicone case and the charger is compatible to still work with that on.
it came in the ATT original packaging, charger and headphones included :) I was pretty surprised at how well it worked too.
It has a micro usb charger which is the same charger used by most smartphones (android and windows) these days.
The phone was like new, and came with battery and a new charger.
how come It didn't come with everything It showed It didn't come with a charger please respond back I need a asnwer because It should of came with everything it showed.
This makes it impossible to put on stand in portrait mode when plugged into charger.
Thought I was getting a charger with phone but it only came with phone.
For Neg's, I would say the speaker phone could be a tad louder, flash for night time shots would be great and wish I could get a solid 3 days of use, otherwise I keep a charger in the car just incase.
Arrived quickly and came with three different chargers and a fully charged battery.
The charger beeped every 2-3 minutes so had to be replaced.
I like the phone, but I was disappointed that only the phone charger, battery and user guide was included in the box, I expected this phone to have the micro SD-card,hands-free head set and USB Data Cable included, this is the first time that I bought a phone and it did not include these standard accesories, other than that I like the phone, but I have to now go and purchase these accesories which should have been included with the phone.
I don't know maybe I just expected phones to come with chargers, but this ones did not.
I was also pleased that the phone came with a battery, USB cable, charger, and earpiece.
When the charger is not connected, it keeps making the dinging sound as if I am connecting it.
Great phone shipped on time, new in original box with charger block, cord, battery and ear buds, along with all documentation.
The packaging was okay but for some reason the phone doesn't come with headphones an the wire for the charger is pretty small.
It charges much faster than any other wireless charger I have tried with my S7 which is great.
HOwever if it does not, Just go to your nearest Wal-Mart, they carry chargers that will work, I paid US$9 for ONN brand charger it was cool came with a cool blue light to let me know it works, you are still getting a great deal on the phone, so a little bit more shouldn't be a problem3.
Only criticism is the wall charger did not work out the box and there was no headset as described, but the cord itself was fine.
It came with a battery, wall charger, ear-buds and instructions.
recieved phone but no usb or charger thought the phone was unlocked but seen it was not afteer recieving yhe phone.
next thing is the charging portal, the charger would not stay connected to the phone everytime you want to use the thing you have to press the stupid little button on the side of it again and again to make it work one word to describe it.
This means you get an adapter for the charger and in this instance the instructions were in Russian, but so what the instruction book is the internet.
It takes longer to charge with this charger than it does with a regular cord.
Be sure you are using a Samsung charger and battery.
it plugs right in and works with yer regular fast charge wire charger tho and you do get "fast charge".
I really love this phone but arrived with an european travel adapter useless in America, I had to buy another charger, that's why I do not give five stars.
It had just come off the charger, so I know that wasn't it.
First of all you have to have your phone sitting on it just right for it to charge and second of all it never actually charge my phone fast and it says it's a fast charger it takes me anywhere from three to five minutes to get my phone sitting on there just right for it even charge.
Arrived in shrink wrap box, instruction booklet in Russian, adapter for the battery charger to connect to US style electrical outlet.
You place phone on charger, all looks good, you come back and it has disconnected & not charging phone.
I used this charger 2 times and the third time it started acting up.
The charger got damaged pretty fast, I was surprised by this.
When the phone is on the charger, it's actually ergonomically positioned and shaped perfectly for me to still be able to type very comfortably and still use the phone.
" It wasn't the charger, the outlet or the battery.
The socket of the charger doesn't fit the phone cable charger, so it is on and off all the time.
Phone cames with hands free earphones and travel charger, wich has a usb connector, so you use the same cable to charge device or connect to pc to transfer music, pictures, videos and software updates via ZUNE.
When its on the charger, the 3 bottom buttons lose functionality.
(I eventually discovered that there's a little pull-down indicator at the top of the screen, but initially thought the battery or the charger did not work.
Often when I put it on the charger, it doesn't get recognized.
the only draw back for me is the fact that the charger is not designed to work with us outlets.
The charger seems to work just fine, but I was disappointed that manufacturer included no USB cable or wall charger.
I had to rebuy some chargers for this phone to work.
The phone came new, it came with the USB Cord, Headphones and the charger.
The charger cord broken less than one week.
I must order a new cable or swap with travel charger.
If I have to repeatedly get up to fiddle with the charger, I may as well plug it directly into the wall.
The phone is in great condition but the charger did not work.
It came in an original Samsung packaging, with all accessories (headphones, USB cord, charger, manuals).
the charger never come.
I'm a mid to heavy user, but I can take my ALPHA off the charger at 7am and at about midnight it will be at 10-15% battery remaining.
This charger is not as good as my husbands.
I saw that the phone was charging so I left it on the charger and went o sleep.
Comes with the MicroSD charger.
The phone's charger can only be used in the US with a special adapter that has to be purchased separately.
Good lil charger.
I did not get a charger with the phone, which I guess wasn't false marketing since nothing was mentioned about it but I thought that was standard.
It would be a five star but when my dad recieved the charger didn't work so my dad had to buy another charger but so far he says the phone is good.
I just leave the phone on the charger overnight and sometimes it charges fully, and others it's high 80's and 90's for battery life.
I've always wanted a touchscreen cell phone, really love this one,only flaw is always have to charge it up,I've heard people put their phone on the charger every day,have not played around with it yet like the camera amd other programs this item rates way up there.
I have to carry a charger around with me at all times.
They look different, the charger too.
The phone package comes with an AC battery charger, but you will need to purchase a DC battery charge if you want to charge the phone's battery while in your car.
what life charg lasts maybe 4 hrs if your lucky be prepared to carry a charger everywhere you go.
the chargers did not work in the us.
had a hard time finding charger for these phones, and had to purchase them myself, phones are good but value went down with charger purchase requirement.
Be 100% sure your product description says charger included.
One of the biggest pluses for these phones is that you're not constantly looking for a charger - with moderate usage, I typically charge the phone twice a week.
To turn this phone on for the first time: plug in the wall charger, then plug the charger into the phone, insert sim card, insert battery, turn phone on.
charger: this phone will most likely not be united States Plug-in capable, but do not fear, these wonderful people at Hasslefree will include an adapter that should work for the Americans.
The sound would get a bit buzzy if you listened to headphones with the big charger plugged in, but that was okay too.
the port where the charger goes, one side has been eroded.
