instead, i decided to take out my frustration by badmouthing nokia every chance i get for the rest of my life.
Beside the poor battery life I recommend this phone.
Excellent battery life.
It has 3G tec, batery life is also good, menu is friendly and easy to work.
The OS is reliable, stable, very easy to use, and the battery life is pretty decent.
everything i need in a phone, great signal strength amazing battery life and very durable.
Solid phone, a mature Windows phone with an amazing camera, top battery life.
I loved the camera, the touch screen, the long battery life, and even the qwerty keyboard.
Right balance of weight, good screen size, very good battery life.
Battery life is great compared to other phones that have these features and can be replaced8.
Another highly important aspect is the battery life.
If I have a heavy texting day, the battery life plummets.
Battery life is beyond excellent, and the phone runs very smooth on the most updated Windows 10 software (build 10.
Once I charge it after 4 days of use and it still has battery life on it.
The battery life downside i haven't noticed that yet.
One of the methods the manual offers to conserve battery life is to lower the brightness of the display.
Pros:AMOLED ScreenBattery lifeIris scannerIntegration with Windows 10 desktopLight weight for it's sizeReplaceable battery (if you can find one)USB-C charge/data port where it does not matter how you plug it in since it is reversibleCons:feels kind of cheap in the hand.
If you are looking for a reliable phone that makes great quality calls, has good battery life and is reasonably-priced then this is the phone for you.
- The battery life can be kind of short, I don't make many calls but I do browse the web a lot and this can consume the battery in just 2 days specially if you are using 3G.
Pros:--battery life--solid voice quality--quick and smooth operating system--good predictive texting--threaded text messages--simple mp3 player--flashlight--web browser so slow you'll never be tempted to use it--little 2mp camera good enough for quick, unimportant picsCons:--has web browser--buttons a bit small (though I have huge hands and don't really have a difficult time navigating the buttons)--can't delete apps from menu--AT&T about to take down 2g network, leaving only TMobile's.
Great battery life too.
iPhone doesn't have many of these features and only selling because of marketing, if nokia did their part, this should beat any phone for sure, I don't want to lock with AT&T for lifetime with iPhone and pay $ monthly and pay for any applications and did I say its unlocked.
They feel cheap and are cheap, but they are surprisingly durable, have great battery life, and just plain work.
) The calendar has multiple choices of reminders, including birthday and anniversary that calculate age and are set for the life of the phone.
but due to small screen size, not much is gained by the higher resolutionCall quality is excellentBattery life: it will make it through the day on a single charge.
I have never written a negative review in my life, however this begs to be the exception.
It has a larger display than my old nokia so it's easier to see when I'm texting, good battery life, good signal strenght, a decent camera, if you're used to nokia features-they're all there & some seem improved.
The battery life is pretty good for a smart phone.
OVI Suite makes life a little easier - backups, edits, map downloads, syncing, seamless so farEssentially UNDER priced given its capabilities (compare this phone to a 4-600 dollar newer phone)Feels like a true open-source, unlocked phone (unlike Google's ad machines and Apples prison-camp approach to technology)decent camera with functional macro lensCons:UI is not an A+ - more like a solid B.
Anyways, the only thing I'm praying is I wish this phone has a long life lasting typical of Nokia.
Battery life is excellent.
It's light and small, buttons feel good, battery life is long, and the phone is solid as a rock like Nokia always is.
It looks like the standby battery life is two or three days, a little shorter than what I had on my Nokia flip phone but perfectly acceptable.
The battery life was lower than expected.
You can get about 1 day of battery life, less than what I get on my smartphone.
Plus the awful battery life: less than a 12-hour day with any real use.
The battery life is great.
I bought this phone for my mother that doesn't have a data plan but needed a new phone that was reliable and had long battery life and didn't require a data plan.
And it's newer, with first ship in April 2013, so should theoretically have a longer service life.
however, don't assume the battery life lasts like the old Nokia1100 and all.
Battery life is pretty good (I charge maybe once a week with moderate use).
Great battery life, fine call quality, annoying screen resolution and OS.
Phone display is impressive, camera is good, battery life good, speaker also okay.
Has very good battery life and the os works extremely smooth after a week of playing with it.
" You know you'll get excellent RF and audio performance, and good battery life.
Decent battery life depends on usage of phone.
Battery life is not great.
Battery life is amazing compared to my smartphone and I'm saving a ton of money each month by getting rid of the smartphone.
It also never lags and has great battery life.
The battery life is pretty decent.
Long battery life and clear voice calls make it a nice phone.
The battery life is about the same for any other phone I have had and even better seeing as how I am always listening to music.
Battery life is about 3 days with my occasional usage.
- Touchscreen was responsive and pleasantly easy to use- Price/feature is good compared with other models- Battery life seems to be quite decentCons:- Even though I didn't install much additional applications(nightstand + Opera browser), it kept generating this error "memory card full.
But not everything is perfect, there's two points that Microsoft failed, the chipset it is not enough to handle Windows Phone 10 ( with the 640XL I have no issues at all), and the battery life is good but it's necessary to charge it day by day.
I'm still getting about three days of battery life on it (the original battery) before it needs charging but I rarely makes any calls (only daily texting).
Better battery life with GSM.
The only negatives are a relatively short battery life (it must be fully charged every day) and confusing offers from Nokia, charging for downloads that don't appear and which, it turns out, aren't compatible for this particular model.
can't get better than thisSetup Email(s)with easeBattery life is good upto 3 days, if you are not using much2 MP Camera.
I had a cheap nokia a long time ago and I always found that it had the best reception and best battery life of all my phones.
The battery life is just incredible.
A really nice phone, battery life is good for a smart phone, the screen resolution is very good the its light weight, the memory is also expandable with an sd micro card 4g network makes browsing excellent.
Biggest benefits of these phones are dual sim and long battery life.
Overall he says he is happy with it for its battery life and decent sized screen (an upgrade from his previous phone).
I previously had a Nokia 2320 ($20 Go phone model), and I got over a week of battery life on that phone.
When I did notice the phone getting hot, it did consume more battery life that usual.
Battery life seems fine.
It has quickly become an essential part of my life.
I read lots of negative reviews about the battery life, but many sources I read noted that the battery life problems were fixed after a certain firmware version.
Battery life.
All in all I would recommend this phone and vendor highly if you want the features of a smart phone but you don't need GPS or a big data bill every month for a bunch of things you don't need or want to keep you life running smoothly.
We usually get about 3 days of battery life with the phone on with not much use.
Great battery life.
I got this phone for my wife and so far she really likes it, it is easy to use, stylish, has many features, very good reception (our provider is att) & the battery life is very good as well.
Expandable memory is a life saver.
It lasts almost an entire day in the "battery low" feature - so I would say it has great battery life.
I didn't figured that battery life on any new "Prior Generation Phones" (like the E51 or E52) would be dubious at best -- since and the battery would have been resting in a "New Unopened" box for so many years in a discharged state.
There I was using the phone after supposedly charging it all night and it dies and I was concerned, however My best friend has a Nokia and lend me her charger and it worked just fine thank god hehe and also the battery life is pretty good I think, at least in my case, it's lasted more than 2 days before completely dying and I have been using it a lot b/c I'm still transfering contacts and other stuff.
The battery life is decent lasting a whole day with some web browsing, watching around 1.
My battery life is ok; I listen to music all day on stereo bluetooth, so I really give it a work out and have to keep it charged.
-Decent battery life: usually goes a few days per charge.
nice phone if you just want a phone with good battery life and talks pretty good i fringe areas.
-Battery life it is not the best, but not the worst.
Decent battery life (several days even after making multiple calls)You won't ever be caught ignoring your kids staring at a smart phone all day.
This very basic phone has a superb battery life, an OK camera, and served her needs perfectly.
Battery life is incredible, both for music and talking, design is slim enough and color has that cool metallic look, only wished dealer had red or black as well.
Cons: Battery life is short.
Terrible battery life.
I purchased this phone because I needed a solid battery life and talking phone for college.
The phone runs very quickly and has an amazing battery life.
An hour-long call is enough to bring the battery life down to half-charge.
) Battery life nowhere close to what was advertised.
Call quality is good and battery life is above average.
My parents and some friends want some of this phones so I am going to order more but if you look for a better camera and better battery life look for the Lumia 640 XL.
Battery life has been solid so far.
It is very compact, it works on all non-3G GSM bands (doesn't seem to be working with AT&T's 3G frequency, but that is not important for a phone like this), it has a good reception in all zones covered by AT&T and a pretty good battery life.
The battery life does seem to be on the shorter side but make sure you close web applications after use.
Great battery life5.
The phone works great, and the battery life is at least as good as I expected, probably better.
I have had absolutely no problems - no screen freezing and battery life has been very very good.
I am particularly impressed with the battery life.
They also have great battery life.
A tip for those with bad battery life if you turn off the wifi when not in use the battery will last quite a while.
It looks like a snap on video, but it's a serious impediment in real life, and I'm no weakling--I'm sure I could open it with the beyond normally required force, but I could have snap or break something inside rendering it less desirable.
super long battery life, clean live sound from speakers, easy to use display and on-screen keyboard.
The phone looks new, and it has a great battery life.
Fast delivery, received a decent phone, large responsive screen, the battery life is just about right although it takes longer to charge.
I had an earlier version of this phone for many years and decided to replace it only because the battery was nearing the end of its life.
Camera is excellent, battery life is awesome.
Otherwise than that, the phone has good battery life, very clear headset speaker and back speaker is pretty loud, screens real bright and clear along with good display of colors.
Now this is meant to be my back up phone but with excellent battery life decent camera and fast performance it has become my main phone atleast until the Lumia 950 is released this is priced below its value you point.
Battery life has been good.
Battery life is awesome.
This cell phone is everything it says , a long lifetime battery, a good signal range.
I also love its ability to manage my professional life.
great battery life.
The issue is that once you start using it, the battery life drops dramatically.
- Battery life does not seem to last as much as Nokia claims.
Only complaint on this one is short battery life.
In real life, to be able to use the phone as a GPS device independent of the service network is very important because there are times networks are overloaded - usually happen at the most inconvenient instances.
I don't make many calls or send many texts and I get about 3 days of battery life before I need to recharge it.
This phone was advertised to get 37 days of standby battery life.
Starting with the organized feel, splash screen, the way contacts are grouped and topping with the batter life which is just lousy, this phone just doesn't feel like a Nokia phone.
Only minimal configuration was required to meet my particular desire to have the GPS function never access the internet and to run the network in GSM only mode to save battery life since I never access the 3G network.
I'm getting 4+ days battery life on T-mobile.
However, the functionality and the capability are hardly noticeable when comparing the two in day-by-day operations (excluding the camera, because the Nokia 808 is an incredible camera that lets you make phone calls and organize your life).
The last con I want to bring up is the battery life.
I still have a lot to learn with all of the features that this phone offers, though I feel this phone is going to fit my lifestyle very well.
My phone generally just sits in a low-power sleep mode awaiting calls, so that might explain my highend battery life.
The battery life is pretty good.
I wanted to understand why my old phone had finally reached end-of-life, and to pick a replacement that would provide similar capabilities and a long-as-possible future life.
Good reception, battery life and in call quality.
When done, I was down one of the four bars indicating battery life.
I have an Iphone 5 and the main reason for getting this phone was for international travel and battery life (backup phone)Also this is not the dual sim phone version.
The battery life alone makes this a great phone.
CONS: GPS aplications resident are confusing, Media manager is not friendly, battery life is terrible.
I bought it for its longer than normal battery life.
I like the Nokia N95 NAM version that I had before, the battery life was longer,and the sound was much better.
Not sure what the deal is, but my battery life isn't nearly what I'd expect out of a modest feature phone.
This phone is great as a phone (only as a phone), easy to use, great for contact detail, good battery life (3-4 days with minimal use, 1-3 with moderate)great sound for media/calls and acceptable Wifi.
+Battery life is GREAT.
Battery life has thus far been excellent.
So I am not going to make software reviews on a beta OS just yet but for me battery life is good so far.
The battery life is stellar.
Unfortunately there are a few things I do not like:1) The phones battery life is poor and unpredictable.
I bought this phone for the advantages to NOT owning a smartphone: longer battery life, higher durability, lower cost, but still good at accomplishing what it needs to.
A solid dumb phone with possibly the longest battery life in its class; other people take its lack of camera and basic web functionality as a con but it is getting increasingly difficult to find a dumb phone with NO frills.
It has decent processing power, a nice big screen, and a great battery life for a smartphone (3 days.
Here are my pros and cons about this phone:Pros:1) Battery Life: I have had many touch screens (instinct, moment, hero, pixi, G1) and of all the phones I have had the battery life lasts sooooo much longer.
Only browse online if it's a matter of life or death, otherwise the "experience" is an exercise in frustration.
* The battery life is sub-par.
I feel that this is a great bargain to be able to carry so much of my life around with me on a small phone: hundreds of contacts, my Outlook calendar, 32GB of Audiobooks in mp3 format + so many other things.
