When I took off the back of the phone to remove the battery so that I could install my SIM card, it was a real chore to get the back to "click" in.
Beside the poor battery life I recommend this phone.
You see, I have AT&T as my cell phone provider and they will automatically charge you a data plan once their computers recognize that your SIM card is in a smartphone.
everything i need in a phone, great signal strength amazing battery life and very durable.
Also, any time it got dropped, even on carpet, the whole thing would fly apart, battery cover, battery and phone would all part ways.
One night when I forgot to lock the screen, I overslept because my phone alarm didn't go off-- the phone (which had previously been good for 6 days without recharging) had died because it called my best friend 42 times that night and left 4 long voicemails while I was asleep.
Battery life is great compared to other phones that have these features and can be replaced8.
Battery life is beyond excellent, and the phone runs very smooth on the most updated Windows 10 software (build 10.
The battery lasts for a day easily with just phone calls and browsing.
And the battery in the phone would not hold a charge thank God I still have the other phone, and I put it in the phone to see if it would work and that old battery works like a charm.
Negative: to conserve battery the phone shuts off the display until you open it, which means that you can't see the hour or if you have a missed call or a message.
Probably is a really nice phone but despite watching 2 U Tube videos on how to remove the back of the phone so the battery and SIM card can be inserted, I could not get the back off.
This very basic phone has a superb battery life, an OK camera, and served her needs perfectly.
If you talk a lot over the phone and tired of phone out charge then you choice has to be this phone.
It is easy to use but I find it does not hold a charge as long as my old Nokia phone did.
Then after rechargeing it, and being alerted by the phone itself that it had been recharged, the phone would not even turn on.
I have had this phone for 6 months and it no longer recognizes the charger that came with it.
I love how the phone lasts over 3 weeks on a single charge on light-moderate usage.
It looks like a snap on video, but it's a serious impediment in real life, and I'm no weakling--I'm sure I could open it with the beyond normally required force, but I could have snap or break something inside rendering it less desirable.
If you are looking for a reliable phone that makes great quality calls, has good battery life and is reasonably-priced then this is the phone for you.
- The battery life can be kind of short, I don't make many calls but I do browse the web a lot and this can consume the battery in just 2 days specially if you are using 3G.
The SIM mechanism isn't spring loaded so in order to remove it you need to remove the back cover, remove the battery, extract the stylus and then push the SIM out using the tip of the stylus.
hey this phone is awesome if you don't want a huge touch screen 2-hour battery-lasting phone that falls and breaks.
Through Amazon, I contacted supplier and asked for a replacement battery since original couldn't be charged, Supplier sent a new phone, AC charger and battery.
) The calendar has multiple choices of reminders, including birthday and anniversary that calculate age and are set for the life of the phone.
if you are looking for a cell phone that is robust, has a great reception, extremely simple to use and long battery hours, this is the one.
phone works ok but the battery is no good shows full charge until no charge.
It looks like the standby battery life is two or three days, a little shorter than what I had on my Nokia flip phone but perfectly acceptable.
I liked so much this cellphone, include beautiful disign, longer battery, widescreen quality and the functionally.
Good phone, just need a larger battery and better apps.
Although Nokia has a task to take this model to perfection in next versions, it already is a winning contender in the fully-charged multimedia phones.
I put in the AT&T SIM, 4 GB of extra memory and the battery and the phone fired right up.
My phone still has the original battery though it doesn't keep the charge as long as it used to when I first got it and I charge it about every 2 days now.
The battery life is pretty good for a smart phone.
OVI Suite makes life a little easier - backups, edits, map downloads, syncing, seamless so farEssentially UNDER priced given its capabilities (compare this phone to a 4-600 dollar newer phone)Feels like a true open-source, unlocked phone (unlike Google's ad machines and Apples prison-camp approach to technology)decent camera with functional macro lensCons:UI is not an A+ - more like a solid B.
Anyways, the only thing I'm praying is I wish this phone has a long life lasting typical of Nokia.
It was really easy to put my SIM card in this phone, there's a slot right next to the memory card slot on the left side of the phone (instead of having it under the battery like in a lot of other phones).
Many times the screen will freeze and the only way to get the phone working agin is to remove the battery.
It's light and small, buttons feel good, battery life is long, and the phone is solid as a rock like Nokia always is.
You get a pair of headphones and a charger with the phone when you purchase it.
This Nokia phone is lightweight, has great call quality, and has a removable battery (something you don't find in smartphones these days), and a micro sd card slot.
I couldn't even charge the battery with that phone.
SIM cardTransfering my SIM card was a snap, so you know on this phone the SIM card slides into a slot with the little gold part facing up instead of down, and is located below where the battery goes.
You can get about 1 day of battery life, less than what I get on my smartphone.
The only issue I found is battery, if you surf internet, use bluetooth and gps all day your battery will die before before the day ends, but not big deal because all smart phones with same characteristics has same issue.
I bought this phone for my mother that doesn't have a data plan but needed a new phone that was reliable and had long battery life and didn't require a data plan.
I bought this phone thinking that it was one of the best phones but after three months it started to heat and the battery lost all his energy.
On the third week of owning the phone it will not power on,if by chance it powers on it freezes on the initial screen and you have to remove the battery in order to power it off.
And it's newer, with first ship in April 2013, so should theoretically have a longer service life.
During the last attempt, the phone stopped charging.
However, I also have a Sony digital camera and, as luck would have it, its charger also charged this phone and so we were able to use it after all.
Now the battery indicator has a tendency to be 100% all day long, and I do talk more than when I was testing the phone.
Great battery life, fine call quality, annoying screen resolution and OS.
Any time the phone starts making a sound it's quicker to take the battery off than trying anything else.
As a result, a charge should be counted on the phone bill when starting an up-to-date of a firmware or downloading a new application over-the-air.
On my previous Nokia flip phone, I was used to seeing the battery gradually discharge and I knew when it was time to recharge.
), headphones, strap and stand, USB cable, charger, etc.
With internet/Bluetooth disabled, and only voice/text enabled the phone seems to hold a charge for about 24 days.
Decent battery life depends on usage of phone.
Comes with US charger, a basic headphone with mic and all the manuals.
At first the product was great, then one day I removed the charger from the phone, and the guts (inside) of the phone came out with it.
Battery life is amazing compared to my smartphone and I'm saving a ton of money each month by getting rid of the smartphone.
My husband likes his Nokia Cell, however something is wrong with the battery and its off by itself every five to ten second and its hard to figure it out what's happening because no manual booklet came with the phone.
But it's nice that the USB port and the port for charging battery and for speakers are all on the top of the cell phone and not on the bottom or the side- The Nokia ovi app store is propably the worst thing on this phone.
That wouldn't be such a big issue if my wife didn't have to remove the battery daily in order to reset the phone.
Checked the charger and the battery - both seemed to be fine so it must be something badly made inside the phone.
The phone charge drains in 4 hours and the cover gets scratched very easily the phone looks old and scrabby in 2 weeks.
I like the Nokia N95 NAM version that I had before, the battery life was longer,and the sound was much better.
5/ Help and support are pathetic6/ The battery died after about 8 hours, during which time I had made 3-4 calls.
Long battery life and clear voice calls make it a nice phone.
The only thing lacking in the phone I purchased here was no music stand, no $50 gift card from Amazon and no car charger.
Solid phone, a mature Windows phone with an amazing camera, top battery life.
it came only with this charger, no papers, no booklet no headphones.
Every time I went to use the phone after 24 hours itneeded to be recharged.
For instance, if you only use music player for about 4 hours, then the phone's battery will decharged within the next 24 hours during which the phone is actually in stand by and everything is off.
I'm still getting about three days of battery life on it (the original battery) before it needs charging but I rarely makes any calls (only daily texting).
The battery is horrible but otherwise its a good phone.
The phone that was sent is definately nicer but it had no backing to hold the sim/battery in.
Pick up a powered Micro-USB cable if you want to add a charging option to the phone.
Phone is unlocked, highly recommend the Nokia 220 for people who do not need a humongous, bloated, battery sipping and expensive smart phone.
It would have been nice (would have been willing to pay a little more) for the vendor to have included the USB data/charger cable with the phone.
I haven't seen a data plan charge since I've started using this phone.
The call quality is good enough, and the battery lasts about a week with light use (a few short calls and texts, and maybe 30 mins of music listening a day).
I can't tell you how often the phone gets completely locked up and the battery has to be removed in order to "reboot" it.
Anyway - if you want a phone that texts very easily, has a 4-day battery, a very convenient and useable features, and yet not crack open the crack-pipe of the internet constanly, the Asha 302 does it with style and then some.
It is brand new, I have to charge it during the day.
For my purposes, mostly music, appointments and alarms, and the phone, it is stable with just 1 exception when the battery overheated while I was talking on the phone and connected to my Wi-Fi.
I had a cheap nokia a long time ago and I always found that it had the best reception and best battery life of all my phones.
Of course, without being able to charge the phone, it would have been utterly useless.
A really nice phone, battery life is good for a smart phone, the screen resolution is very good the its light weight, the memory is also expandable with an sd micro card 4g network makes browsing excellent.
Biggest benefits of these phones are dual sim and long battery life.
Overall he says he is happy with it for its battery life and decent sized screen (an upgrade from his previous phone).
I previously had a Nokia 2320 ($20 Go phone model), and I got over a week of battery life on that phone.
When I did notice the phone getting hot, it did consume more battery life that usual.
This code never come in a box, only cellphone, manual, charger and jack's phone (include ipod jack - surprise for me).
I tried to wiggle the cord, remove it and reinsert it, and plugged other phones and tablets into the charger (which all charged).
Was worried about buying from a company other than T-Mobile but I have to say the phone was new and came boxed with a charger.
I got the phone at said time love the big screen but the charger looks so cheap but I don't no if is unlocked because I bought for someone will buy more stuff from this seller and is very heavy phone.
Now I charge the phone every three days or so with a few daily calls, light web browsing and YouTube playback.
Works great I love the phone the only thing I didn't like about it was it came with an Australian charge cord they put an adaptor in with it but it should have been listed it was this way.
With a small folding Bluetooth keyboard (The Iphone won't let you do that yet) and a battery backup charger (get one that uses either AA or AAA batteries so you can keep replacing the batteries)I can watch movies, listen to music, write long emails or notes and play games for all of my long haul flights and layovers.
I purchase this phone and even replaced battery and less than a year later it will not even come on.
The bad thing about that the phone cannot recover by itself from hanging up and in order to revive this phone you have to manually remove the battery.
except this particular phone would not charge.
I got this phone for my wife and so far she really likes it, it is easy to use, stylish, has many features, very good reception (our provider is att) & the battery life is very good as well.
I have had problems at call termination with the phone locking up which has required me to remove the battery as a solution.
Every 2 hours u need to charge the phone.
Has some scratches and wear and tear phones works fine but i got charger, sim cards and case box and manuals so not bad for the price.
Unlike the first phone that had all the accessories, this one only the wall charger, and even the phone seem to had been opened and a tissue stock at the place you need to charge.
There I was using the phone after supposedly charging it all night and it dies and I was concerned, however My best friend has a Nokia and lend me her charger and it worked just fine thank god hehe and also the battery life is pretty good I think, at least in my case, it's lasted more than 2 days before completely dying and I have been using it a lot b/c I'm still transfering contacts and other stuff.
The phone has one month "free trials" that you must opt out of in order not to charged an ongoing monthly fee.
We received the phone, followed instructions from removing the battery to inserting the SIM card went to charge it but it never turned on.
Phone works great, looks great and shipped quiet quickly only issue is can with a European Charger so had to purchase micro-usb to usb cable to charge phone which I would have had to do to download and update system any way.
This cell phone is everything it says , a long lifetime battery, a good signal range.
The screen resolution is not as high as iphone or samsung, BUT 1- it is not bad at all and 2- due to lower screen resolution, the battery lasts 2-3 days instead of 1 day.
Without a data plan, these providers automatically charge transferring data per kilobyte as a basic included feature.
Starting with the organized feel, splash screen, the way contacts are grouped and topping with the batter life which is just lousy, this phone just doesn't feel like a Nokia phone.
], a charge for transferring any amounts of data over-the-air should be collected by any phone network.
The phone is greed to use up the battery's energy.
I suspect the battery forcing the cover up along with the unusual hinge angle over the earphone jack as the cause of the difficulty.
nice phone if you just want a phone with good battery life and talks pretty good i fringe areas.
- In several occasions it has crashed, meaning that you hung-up a call and freezes, the solution is take the battery off and put it back.
I am completely satisfied with the cell phone and charger.
battery with phone will not hold charge.
Nice and simple basic phone with good battery capacity.
Phone does not work wellThis phone first of all would not be charged with the charger included in the box, now the touchscreen responds at will, it is worst than my broken 5810.
There is no open anywhere else other than for the charger and headphone jacks.
Decent battery life (several days even after making multiple calls)You won't ever be caught ignoring your kids staring at a smart phone all day.
I bought this phone brand new as a gift for a friend ,the phone was not taking charge, neither was it turning on.
The biggest problem with this phone is its battery charge longevity.
Not sure what the deal is, but my battery life isn't nearly what I'd expect out of a modest feature phone.
I have had a number of phones with removable battery covers, but never like this one.
I am extremely please with my phone ,I haven't had anyproblems so far and the charge lasts a long time.
The phone can be charged through either of them and they are not covered by rubber "flaps", which is less "annoying" than other phones where you have to almost break your nails trying to extract the little rubber/plastic flap out of charging port.
As a test, I talked for an hour on a fully charged phone.
I purchased this phone because I needed a solid battery life and talking phone for college.
It is exactly what I wanted, not flimsy, great sound, holds a charge longer than any I have ever had.
i love it because they are heavy and good for holding on hand but they have some problems the charger hole get broken easily ,its lost all numbers on contacts and log if you turn off the phone some time.
The phone runs very quickly and has an amazing battery life.
I don't even have to charge the phone everyday.
I like nearly everything about it, but the reason I got this phone was so that I could not bother with having to charge it but a couple times a month.
My old phone had been dropped so many times I had to tape it together to keep the battery in.
All in all I would recommend this phone and vendor highly if you want the features of a smart phone but you don't need GPS or a big data bill every month for a bunch of things you don't need or want to keep you life running smoothly.
phone is good, battery doesn't last.
My parents and some friends want some of this phones so I am going to order more but if you look for a better camera and better battery life look for the Lumia 640 XL.
Nokia is supposed to have good phones that keep their charge for a long time.
In this light, the phone shines as a more flexible device with swappable memory, battery and service, features not present in the lauded iPhone, but I say what's to compare.
Also, since this is my first internet type phone, I have to charge it twice as often than my old one, but I am told that is normal.
We usually get about 3 days of battery life with the phone on with not much use.
This particular phone is European, even comes with a European wall charger - this fact would have been useful to know.
the telephone arrives me under very good conditions (NEW SEALING IN ITS BOX) the excellent software works well in venezuela with the company movistar all its functions up-to-date mail, msn, facebook, wi-fi, everything very well, but what I don't find well is that not all the accessories were in the box I lack the tv cable and the base to place the telephone: (that hurtsNOTICES: the battery doesn't last but d 7 hours that is very bad.
THEREFORE, I presume I have been sold a used phone with a worthless, self-printed manual and a Chinese non-OEM battery.
I waited over 3 weeks for the phone and now I am waiting again for a replacement and it looks as if I was charged for the replace that probably have to wait another 4 weeks to receive.
Video webcam available via 2 cameras, not locked on to a monthly $30 data plan like the Iphone, battery on par with my previous cell phones, touch screen is as good as it gets.
Maybe Nokia does not offer this phone in the US and therefore no US charger.
The phone works great, and the battery life is at least as good as I expected, probably better.
You can't hold the phone in your right hand while charging.
It's never given me any warning, just shut the phone off when the battery is out.
Impressed with customer service, they called me and are sending a new, replacement battery immediately.
It has come to the point now where I have to remove my phone battery when it freezes.
The phone works fine, but the battery cover is very flimsy.
super long battery life, clean live sound from speakers, easy to use display and on-screen keyboard.
The phone looks new, and it has a great battery life.
Fast delivery, received a decent phone, large responsive screen, the battery life is just about right although it takes longer to charge.
As to the power consumption issue that has appeared in some European reviews, I just don't see it - I fully charged the phone over 2 days ago, have left it on - with Bluetooth enabled - and made several calls and the battery shows 75% full.
I had an earlier version of this phone for many years and decided to replace it only because the battery was nearing the end of its life.
I have been playing with my phone all day running the wifi, making calls, downloading games, playing games, and my battery has not gone down at all.
The cellphone that come to my house is a copy, it doesn't say "Nokia" inside (in the zone of the battery), the battery doesn't say Nokia neither.
the phone did not charge up at all.
Otherwise than that, the phone has good battery life, very clear headset speaker and back speaker is pretty loud, screens real bright and clear along with good display of colors.
Now this is meant to be my back up phone but with excellent battery life decent camera and fast performance it has become my main phone atleast until the Lumia 950 is released this is priced below its value you point.
So access to the SD card is often and since I couldn't even open the back cover off to put the phone's battery it, (if you have joint problems or joint issues this phone is not for you) well, it wouldn't work for me.
Good phone but after about a month the battery overheats constantly and phone starts acting wacky.
Second, the battery was in a bad state, it doesn't work, so I had to buy a new one, in that moment I noticed that the cellphone was a copy because the new battery say "NOKIA" and also has the official sticker.
An hour-long call is enough to bring the battery life down to half-charge.
However, if you don't use the phone, you could probably get 5 - 7 days between charges.
The issue is that once you start using it, the battery life drops dramatically.
Worst phone I ever it won't even take a charger.
It's good feature compare to big screen smartphone that leak on charge.
and with such constant use (which is unusual for a typical user), the phone was able to operate for a full day and a half before the battery warning kicked in.
In real life, to be able to use the phone as a GPS device independent of the service network is very important because there are times networks are overloaded - usually happen at the most inconvenient instances.
(A tip for you is to make sure you fully charge the battery with the phone off when you get it initially, it operates and keeps it charge as it should this way).
Horrible this phone will not keep charge and the phone do not pick up signal.
I don't make many calls or send many texts and I get about 3 days of battery life before I need to recharge it.
This phone was advertised to get 37 days of standby battery life.
The first phone I received did't charge, but Amazon replaced extremely fast at no charge with a new phone that works great.
That being said, it is probably the best non-smartphone that you can find that will not cost you an automatic data plan charge on your bill.
This phone is basic, easy to use, good size keys,good reception, and holds a charge for a few days.
It came with a household charger, headphone.
the phone has the big battery.
The description of the product made no mention of the plug, but did mention that the phone would work in the US, which to me implies that its charger would also work here.
I would have loved the gift card but I can live without it, I still have the music stand from the first phone and do not really use it, and as for the car charger, I only need one.
The phone was left to charge overnight and by the next morning, there was no display.
It should be noted that that this phone cannot be charged in the US even though the description indicates that it will.
The battery started running out in two days with basically one hour talking time per day.
Does what I want it to do, it is a replacement or backup phone since my other 6350 does not charge the battery anymore.
The last con I want to bring up is the battery life.
If you're in a meeting and the alarm starts ringing, you need to enter the code to unlock the phone before turning it off, what I do instead is to take the battery off.
The integration with Microsoft Exchange is very bad: the calendar has a limit of entries it can load, after that the phone freezes when you open the calendar, and I need to disconnect the battery to turn it off.
I still have a lot to learn with all of the features that this phone offers, though I feel this phone is going to fit my lifestyle very well.
My phone generally just sits in a low-power sleep mode awaiting calls, so that might explain my highend battery life.
I can use the phone as a modem and the battery is easily replaced.
The battery life is about the same for any other phone I have had and even better seeing as how I am always listening to music.
First the charge would completely vanish after a call.
iPhone doesn't have many of these features and only selling because of marketing, if nokia did their part, this should beat any phone for sure, I don't want to lock with AT&T for lifetime with iPhone and pay $ monthly and pay for any applications and did I say its unlocked.
However, the functionality and the capability are hardly noticeable when comparing the two in day-by-day operations (excluding the camera, because the Nokia 808 is an incredible camera that lets you make phone calls and organize your life).
I wanted to understand why my old phone had finally reached end-of-life, and to pick a replacement that would provide similar capabilities and a long-as-possible future life.
Good reception, battery life and in call quality.
I have an Iphone 5 and the main reason for getting this phone was for international travel and battery life (backup phone)Also this is not the dual sim phone version.
The battery life alone makes this a great phone.
Mine is mostly email and web browsing with wifi with little phone calling so I'm getting three and half days between charges.
Luckily I have a spare charger and my wife has the same phone but black so I will be trading with her.
This cell is not genuine Nokia , is a vulgar copy , battery came damaged , only brings three languages ​​and neither is Spanish , what the ad is a lie , honestly lost my money because this cell look like a toy.
Have a charger for this phone cuz the one I got was rounded where the plug goes in.
The only reason i give it a 4 star instead of a star is that it charges using a charger that is not a micro USB, which means if you lose your charger or forget it it may be difficult to find another one as i have not seen this type often ( its a small plug) but other than that functions great and is reliable especially if all you want to do is make calls or text.
This phone is great as a phone (only as a phone), easy to use, great for contact detail, good battery life (3-4 days with minimal use, 1-3 with moderate)great sound for media/calls and acceptable Wifi.
It is very compact, it works on all non-3G GSM bands (doesn't seem to be working with AT&T's 3G frequency, but that is not important for a phone like this), it has a good reception in all zones covered by AT&T and a pretty good battery life.
[this cellphone don't give me access i only can look the battery load.
Unfortunately there are a few things I do not like:1) The phones battery life is poor and unpredictable.
I bought this phone for the advantages to NOT owning a smartphone: longer battery life, higher durability, lower cost, but still good at accomplishing what it needs to.
So the phone comes like is should, with the charger, USB cable, 2500 removable battery and the phone itself, a AT&T sim and a printed paper with the instructions for make the phone fully unlocked as well.
The problem is with the charger they sent to charge the phone.
A solid dumb phone with possibly the longest battery life in its class; other people take its lack of camera and basic web functionality as a con but it is getting increasingly difficult to find a dumb phone with NO frills.
Considering this issues, what's the use of all the functionalities of the phone when you should turn them all off to save battery energy.
I had a Nokia 6303i classic before and I would still prefer my old cell phone, but it had problem with the battery after a while and turned itself off for no reason.
I initially had difficulty charging battery and getting phone to work.
(A new phone was cheaper than a new battery.
It has decent processing power, a nice big screen, and a great battery life for a smartphone (3 days.
"John Smith, Mobile"PROSExcepts up to 8GB microSD RAMSpeed dial number oriented (allows more than one speed-dial number per phone book entry)Works well with Bluetooth: Tested with Bluetooth Headsets Jawbone ICON and Plantronics Discovery 975FOIBLESBattery CoverAs with other evaluations, the back of this phone is (putting it mildly) DIFFICULT to remove once the battery is inserted.
It also gets stuck frequently, some times for a few seconds - some times I need to take out the battery and power up the phone all over again.
Here are my pros and cons about this phone:Pros:1) Battery Life: I have had many touch screens (instinct, moment, hero, pixi, G1) and of all the phones I have had the battery life lasts sooooo much longer.
Strengths of the phone; Good build quality, durable, good battery, Music and media player and GPS.
I feel that this is a great bargain to be able to carry so much of my life around with me on a small phone: hundreds of contacts, my Outlook calendar, 32GB of Audiobooks in mp3 format + so many other things.
