Every thing is great except that you guys sent me through wrong charger can you please send me the galaxy s5 charger and I'll return the android charger you sent me back thanks in advance.
Great charger works great easy to use even with a protective cover over my phone it works unlike others I have tried this one really works.
It has 3G tec, batery life is also good, menu is friendly and easy to work.
The OS is reliable, stable, very easy to use, and the battery life is pretty decent.
everything i need in a phone, great signal strength amazing battery life and very durable.
Solid phone, a mature Windows phone with an amazing camera, top battery life.
Also, any time it got dropped, even on carpet, the whole thing would fly apart, battery cover, battery and phone would all part ways.
I loved the camera, the touch screen, the long battery life, and even the qwerty keyboard.
The phone has a memory card capability to it and it uses the same charger as most current phone and even the Kindle.
I liked the version Samsung China has wireless charger, 3 gb of ran, is fast I have no problem with it for the moment.
Pros* Very nice screen, surpasses any other touch-screen I've used* Very easy to learn the functions included* A lot of customization options included in interface* Uses standard Micro-USB charger* Has X-Box live capabilities* A generous sized screen* Can use internet over WI-FI* Zune music and videoCons* Battery can sometimes only last for 24 hours* If on T-Mobile or other carrier besides AT&T cannot send or receive pictures* Low quality cameraAnother heads up would be that if you want to sign into your current X-Box live account, make sure to use the e-mail linked to that account or else it will set u up with an automatic account and you cant change it unless you proceed with a master reset :( i made that mistake when i first got the phone.
One night when I forgot to lock the screen, I overslept because my phone alarm didn't go off-- the phone (which had previously been good for 6 days without recharging) had died because it called my best friend 42 times that night and left 4 long voicemails while I was asleep.
Battery life is great compared to other phones that have these features and can be replaced8.
Another highly important aspect is the battery life.
Excellent battery life.
Sometimes I put it on the charger and it charges very quickly.
Battery life is beyond excellent, and the phone runs very smooth on the most updated Windows 10 software (build 10.
Since you can link information from Messenger, Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter of your contacts, live tiles will tell you if anyone of your contacts in the group has shared something in any of those networks and you can make any comment or share anything you want without using any app, because everything is integrated in the OS, but not everything is perfect, now I have to charge the phone twice a day, actually now I have a charger at home, at office and the car (I hope there is a way to fix this because the battery lasts some time 5 or 6 hours, if you play a game then it will last 1 hour).
The battery lasts for a day easily with just phone calls and browsing.
Probably is a really nice phone but despite watching 2 U Tube videos on how to remove the back of the phone so the battery and SIM card can be inserted, I could not get the back off.
This very basic phone has a superb battery life, an OK camera, and served her needs perfectly.
One of the methods the manual offers to conserve battery life is to lower the brightness of the display.
I love how the phone lasts over 3 weeks on a single charge on light-moderate usage.
Pros:AMOLED ScreenBattery lifeIris scannerIntegration with Windows 10 desktopLight weight for it's sizeReplaceable battery (if you can find one)USB-C charge/data port where it does not matter how you plug it in since it is reversibleCons:feels kind of cheap in the hand.
If you are looking for a reliable phone that makes great quality calls, has good battery life and is reasonably-priced then this is the phone for you.
- The battery life can be kind of short, I don't make many calls but I do browse the web a lot and this can consume the battery in just 2 days specially if you are using 3G.
I really enjoy the angle of the charger as it makes for a great "alarm clock" type set up.
I wanted to understand why my old phone had finally reached end-of-life, and to pick a replacement that would provide similar capabilities and a long-as-possible future life.
It is easy to use but I find it does not hold a charge as long as my old Nokia phone did.
When I took off the back of the phone to remove the battery so that I could install my SIM card, it was a real chore to get the back to "click" in.
It came in the original Samsung Box, no AT&T branding, I received a USB cable, an Earpiece, a Battery, the Device of course and a charger to power this beauty up.

