

The camera and video quality is pretty decent with a good set of controls.

Best phone ever the look the quality the performance the speed camera and features on this phone is phenomenal love it I upgraded from a S3.

The built in camera is good and you have a good flash light also which is nice to have when taking pictures in dark ambience, but of course, the image quality is much lower than using a digital camera.
And the picture snaps -not great quality but I have down loaded many from my phone card.

The camera is better, the processor is faster and I don't have the dead spots for service that I had with my iphone.

First I have to say that if you love taking photos and showing them on your phone, this is THE ONE.
the only thing i wish it had wich is no big deal is have a front camera because taking a pic turning the phone around decreases accuracy.


God knows I'm accident prone,I've dropped this phone so much since I bought it,it works great,nice little camera to,I have uploaded the photos to my computer and the look fantastic,you'd never guess they were taken with this phone.


In short, I recomend the phone as it is easy to use and the camera abilities are great but don't pay more than $100 for cause if you are willing to spend more money than get the Galaxy III which I plan on upgrading to when my contract with verizon is up.


Fast, great camera with a very good quality of the photo.


great camera and easy to use if you prefer an uncomplicated devices as i do.


Affordable but wit a good camera, enough space to save documents, pictures, music and other personal files.


PROS:--great reliable Verizon reception--great call quality (no distorted or dropped phone calls)--ringer is quite loud (both the preloaded AND the downloaded and I don't have it on the highest setting)--camera takes pretty good pictures if it's main purpose is to take small pictures to send to friends & others or set as a phone background--battery life is good (the battery display is a little misleading (it says it's lower than it really is) but rest assured that you're good to go until it starts blinking)--display screen is bright and colorful and clear and the verizon logo doesn't take up half the screen and cut off the tops of my pictures like on my old audiovox--the phone is very nice looking and conveniently small (bigger than my old audiovox but currently the smallest phone availible from VerizonCONS:--no speakerphone.

the camera actually takes pictures of my dogs Without, without red eye.

One disappointment was that this version of Android isn't compatible with the Chrome Browser :(The camera actually takes awesome pictures plus it has a FLASH and it ZOOMS.


The screen is great, it's very responsive, excellent camera, great call or signal strength and the battery for us has not been an issue.


Also, Samsung has used its top-of-the-line camera in the phone.

5 GB of ram which isn't really noticeable unless you are heavily multitasking- Camera struggles to focus and stay focused at times but otherwise takes great photos- Runs android Lollipop right now even though Marshmallow is out (I hear they are releasing an update soon)- No active display or LED notificationIt's unfortunate that the market is saturated with phablets and we have very little choice when it comes to conservatively sized devices, but all in all I think this is a great phone (especially for the current price of $264).

Pros* Very nice screen, surpasses any other touch-screen I've used* Very easy to learn the functions included* A lot of customization options included in interface* Uses standard Micro-USB charger* Has X-Box live capabilities* A generous sized screen* Can use internet over WI-FI* Zune music and videoCons* Battery can sometimes only last for 24 hours* If on T-Mobile or other carrier besides AT&T cannot send or receive pictures* Low quality cameraAnother heads up would be that if you want to sign into your current X-Box live account, make sure to use the e-mail linked to that account or else it will set u up with an automatic account and you cant change it unless you proceed with a master reset :( i made that mistake when i first got the phone.

This phone sucks Its a basic smart phone for beginners I hate it you cant do really anything on it but like talk and text if you try to download an App it takes like an hour to download and to go online its super slow picture quality is horrible and there is no flash on camera I would never recommend this phone to anyone unless its for a child.

the only thing i wish it had wich is no big deal is have a front camera because taking a pic turning the phone around decreases accuracy.


The camera took a while to figure out, mainly I couldn't figure out how to review photos I took.
Also you have to go into settings on camera everytime you wanna take a pic to change them, no option to save changes, that kinda sucks.




