only holds power for 15 hours (even when not used)Camera doesn't work as good as expected, and the thing, that protects the camera, fell of the first day.
There are certainly better phone cameras out there, with the iPhone 5 and Lumia 920 blowing it out of the water.
I can easily say that the camera is better than the camera I have on my Galaxy s6 edge + for sure.
Outside, the camera takes crystal clear pix.
The front facing camera is ok but if you want to upload selfies to Instagram will look washed out until you get a really good light to compensate the noise and lack of resolution.
The design of this phone is sober and elegant, providing some services such as wi-fi, radio, camera, web browser, audio recorder and calls recorder are wonderful.
My husband and kids gave the phone for mothers day as a gift I love the camera and how fast it is.
Hopefully in the future manufacturers will address the camera quality since generally you carry this device everywhere.
) Some of the expanded choices: alarms, camera, calculator, etc.
The camera , not bad for 2mp.
I loved the camera, the touch screen, the long battery life, and even the qwerty keyboard.
-Decent camera not great in the dark.
i also wanted a decent camera.
I haven't tried the camera yet, but the software has so many point-and-shoot like features.
(you will have a hard time with 1-800-CAL-WHAT)iPhone killer: (differences with the iphone)Better CameraBetter Music playersturdierBetter upgrading optionsLower costBetter browserMature OS (with Flash)Support for A2DP bluettoth (clear sound in bluetooth headphones)Better screen ResolutionMore touchscreen inputs (like stylus and handwriting)2 cameras and support for video calls.
Come'on Nokia you are supposed to be the phone camera kings.
We do very little texting and do not have a data plan but it does has a camera and is very good.
I prefer the windows phone over Android and am very pleased with how the phone and camera performs.
The camera is nice and the video records fairly clear which is also nice.
The camera does have focus problems in low and excessively bright light.
I wanted a reasonably priced smartphone that allowed access to the web, made phone calls, had gps, a decent camera, etc etc that was NOT an IPhone.
Order arrived two days later (free shipping),battery last for days, great camera and able to download free cool apps.
The phones music player is good and camera is not bad.
This very basic phone has a superb battery life, an OK camera, and served her needs perfectly.
I ordered another camera.
In spite of having a Carl Zeiss camera lens with LED flash, the pictures taken were not that good.
I recently bought this phone and it is beautiful, the camera takes clean pictures and stuff but i'm so disappointed because the phone is out dated and i've been trying to update it but so far no luck.
The camera seems fine to me.
The phone's camera is quite decent in my opinion.
Only problem is the camera.
2mp camera.
Pros:--battery life--solid voice quality--quick and smooth operating system--good predictive texting--threaded text messages--simple mp3 player--flashlight--web browser so slow you'll never be tempted to use it--little 2mp camera good enough for quick, unimportant picsCons:--has web browser--buttons a bit small (though I have huge hands and don't really have a difficult time navigating the buttons)--can't delete apps from menu--AT&T about to take down 2g network, leaving only TMobile's.
Although not a "smart phone" this compact device is feature-packed with a camera for stills and video, a real music player, a real FM radio using your headset as its antenna, Bluetooth and USB, and data storage on a mini SD card.
Horrible camera4.
Voice recorder and camera are functional.
The cellphone is very nice and with good characteristics so far, such as Display, the camera resolution, the Apps, the design.
No camera, bluetooth or pc connectivity, but you can make calls and text.
The camera was pretty decent considering it is only 2 megapixels.
I love the music player, and the camera and video recording capabilities are awesome.
The camera on this phone is the best camera I have ever seen.
The camera works great even though it has no flash.
So far this phone is everything I expected; its easy to use, has a decent processor, stable software, good camera and lots of apps to download.
This phone is exceptional for sound and camera functions, for people that don't need the data package.
The camera operates better than the average cell phone.
2 mg camera and video that are fun to use, 8gb of micro SD storage and easy USB connection to your computer for uploading your favorite tunes, which you can use for your ringtones.
This phone is great, light weight, easy to use, the camera is decent and it is very compact and fits in my pocket.
OVI Suite makes life a little easier - backups, edits, map downloads, syncing, seamless so farEssentially UNDER priced given its capabilities (compare this phone to a 4-600 dollar newer phone)Feels like a true open-source, unlocked phone (unlike Google's ad machines and Apples prison-camp approach to technology)decent camera with functional macro lensCons:UI is not an A+ - more like a solid B.
The PRO's: Great resolution, camera and sound; integrated wi-fi; good memory capacityThe CON's: Poor capacity to arrange the menus as you wish; no easy use of the touch screen as Palm-like graffity.
The camera itself is 8 megapixels with a Carl Zeiss lens, and it is just ok.
The camera isn't so good but that's the only thing negative about this phone.
The phone has great features like wifi, Very good camera (two cameras), touch screen, and many applications.
2 megapixel camera (although I would only use it for emergencies, since the quality of small sensors is on the very low side)13.
The signal is strong, the free GPS is great, the camera is excellent.
good phone same as the lumia 720 but needs app to be able to download the arlo security system too view my cameras.
It even has a decent camera see the included unedited photo.
It's classic Nokia - solid build, clear and logical user interface, real keyboard, good size clear display, camera that's fine for the occasional quick photo and it's affordable.
It is about equivalent in picture quality to a throw away snap shot camera.
All the hardware shown in the description make the phone run smoothly in every action you make with it, the camera is fantastic and since the store doesn't have some of the official apps the community adds there own and work just fine.
The camera is good (not great) and I love the music library interface, comes with a free 8 GB Micro SD card.
I don't use the camera.
Fast windows with excellent camera.
Great camera6.
The camera quality isn't good with a 320Mp camera.
Not a major overhaul on the operating system basically everything looks the same as previous nokia smart phones, the camera, video, and music interfaces could have made better use of finger controls in my opinion.
I expect that like many cameras, broad daylight will reveal its best performance, and my good photos so far are really good.
For a 2mp camera photos are pretty good, but no flash though, but I can live with that.
Sound is good and camera is not that much , only limited.
So I have a very nice phone but without camera; I still have hope that Nokia and Microsoft will address it one day.
The phone works great clear LOUD speaker phone, great fun snap shoot digital camera, great flash abilities to stream web content, great call quality, very pretty screen.
The 3 megapixel camera is actually pretty decent, no auto focus of course.
The built-in camera works well for its intended function - obviously not as good as similar cameras on smartphones but better than majority of cameras on other non-smartphones.
I do love the camera on this phone.
really like the phone, the camera is great and the music player is even better.
The main camera is average but still better than older Lumias like 820 and 535.
This is a Cheap made in China phone with a very ugly camera and video quality, it takes terrible pictures.
It's so solid and excellent camera.
After a recent fire which burned down my building, I re-discovered the critical value of having even a bad camera on hand and available, if only by phone.
Pros====-Good camera for a cellphone: 3.
There are tons of available settings however, and all around I think this camera spanks the.
Solid phone, a mature Windows phone with an amazing camera, top battery life.
It's my first 3g phone and I really like it, ease to use, good screen quality but the camera is not good.
It survived several falls before that with ease, has a great camera and has both great touchscreen technology and buttons to push.
EXCELLENT camera.
It will do SMS (slowly), but there's no camera, no data, no browser, nothing.
Having said that - I did not buy the phone because of the camera.
Only issue is camera is not better than Galaxy S5 during low light.
I missed Cortana, the live tiles, the here maps, the am/fm radio, the rolodex style app list and contacts list and the dedicated camera button.
- There is a secondary camera.
The only thing I kinda dislike about it is the camera, because even though it has a 3.
the virtual keyboard does not open to enter automatically and the camera takes nice pictures but does not open easily and you must go through several steps between shots to save the picture and take another.
but in regards to the latter statement, I believe you can download any type of camera u want and use the downloaded camera for photos instead of the default camera.
-Camera button, i love having the separate button for just the camera.
Not to small not to big, love cortana, the camera, the phone overal.
The camera is not powerful, but anyway I see it as a plus.
The camera on it is horrible, I had less expensive phones that had much better picture quality then this phone.
It has the same camera, but it has a smaller screen and the 3G is not as fast.
0 px camera the quality was amazing so I was worried that this one was not gonna be as good even though it had better resolution, but it's turned out real good.
As for cons, well I find it a bit unstable sometimes and I've had to reset it to factory settings twice cause certain features like the camera and music become unaccessible, and I don't even tinker with it much like some do by installing apps from other sites other than the store or installing custom firmware.
2MP camera with auto-focus, dual-LED flash and video recording (plus a 2nd front camera for video calling).
However, I also have a Sony digital camera and, as luck would have it, its charger also charged this phone and so we were able to use it after all.
- Nice big screen (the glare issue could be corrected by buying a stick on anti-glare protection film)- GPS- Wireless connection- FM radio- Easy to transfer data to and from PC- Call quality is good- Expandable memoryCons:- Bad camera for its 3.
That one has aa flash for the camera and the one I received does not have flash ability.
The camera is nice but I don't ask much of it.
The camera is great.
The camera is nothing special and lacks auto focus but does have a flash.
I believe, however the choice was made to make it affordable, given the fact that it also comes with a front-facing camera for video calls.
the camera is ok for the price.
I needed multi-media messaging, video recording capabilities and a better camera.
the touch screen is not as fast as an iPhone, but everything is compensated for all services that does not carry the iPhone, I'm really happy with my purchase and the truth I do not change my Nokia 5800 with iPhone neverThe flash of the camera is really strong,The design is ergonomic and fits comfortably in your hand.
3 megapixel cellphone camera since I already have a Canon PowerShot SX210IS 14.
the camera quality is pretty good, I had a motorola a1200 before and although it was a 2.
I loved it for the first few daysthen camera just diedI googled and found that it is common software problem with Lumia and Windows - automatic windows upgrade kills your camera; inserting storage card kills our camera.
The front facing camera is an outstanding feature and works very well.
The camera is great and takes good pictures, the screen is gorgeous and looks nice when surfing the web.
I think the Nokia 5800 meets almost all the worldwide communication market demands on a cellphone: Good call performance (voice and video), 3G browsing capability, WiFi, expandable SD capacity (up to 16Gb), decent camera for picture and video recording, really nice and versatile multi-format audio and video player, and a great sinergy-friendly operative system.
Phone display is impressive, camera is good, battery life good, speaker also okay.
2 camera picture quality is too bad.
Nice camera, nice sound, good touch screen.
The camera should be better.
-The camera.
The video camera takes video, not particularly sharp video, but it adequately gives you decent video images.
Ok, the good: 1) It's compact and I love slider phones that cover up the keyboardAnd the bad: 1) It was a pain in the butt to figure out the configurations to get the mms to work, but that's part of getting an unlocked phone2) Every time I use the text to send to an email, the phone turns off and restarts3) The keyboard buttons are pretty flat & are close together so it's easy to hit the wrong button4) The camera quality is crap, but you can't really expect much from a phone like this5) The alarm feature worked like once.
the phone died after 6 months of use and I had to discard it, I looked very good phone good functions, basic camera but okay, very important features bluetooth, spekaer, and some games.
But I won't be throwing away my digital camera any time soon.
Small in size, sufficient to fulfill all I need from a phone (basicall a cell phone and a camera), this is the fourth Nokia 5310 I have bought: one lost, another savaged by the dog, and one needing repairs, awaiting spare parts; I must be pleased with it.
The XM has both primary and secondary cameras.
The camera is only 5mp.
I switched to this from the LG Renoir, which has an 8 megapixel camera, WIFI etc etc but absolutely terrible call quality and was not at all user-friendly and am very happy with the switch.
Phone is ok, a little big for my taste, but where it really fails is in the camera, the colors are not so bad, except the oranges.
The Video (which iPhone does not have at this time) is very exceptional as well; even more functional and better quality than the camera still shots (odd eh.
It has all the features you would want in a phone -- excellent camera, super-fast GPS and mapping features, very large storage capacity, etc.
2 camera, touchscreen, more customizable than iphone, external memory, etc etc.
The camera is nice and delivers great photos, but when I am on a call and someone calls in via call-waiting, there isn't any tone or beep letting me know someone else is calling me.
The only thing on the phone that seems to be somewhat damageable is the metal piece around the camera lens.
Phone is Great, the camera is AWESOME, and unlocked with little or no bloatware is incredible.
People say the camera is one of the weak points.
Great cellphone with an excelent camera.
The phone is small, fits nicely in the pocket and has a camera that isn't too bad.
Yeah love this phone and its camera.
Oh, the camera pics are OK.
Hence I am forgiving of camera phones in general.
I haven't tried any of the applications other than the camera.
My parents and some friends want some of this phones so I am going to order more but if you look for a better camera and better battery life look for the Lumia 640 XL.
Daylight pictures look pretty good for a camera phone.
I like my phone but some apps wont work the same like facebook and messenger you cannot watch live im a teenager so that's important but other than some apps camera works fine fast phone nice screen size beautiful hd viewing.
This phone has the best camera I've used.
The camera is better than I expected (I wasnt expecting much).
I do have to say the camera is not so great, so if you are looking for a good camera phone I would not buy this phone.
The camera and call quality is very good.
Video webcam available via 2 cameras, not locked on to a monthly $30 data plan like the Iphone, battery on par with my previous cell phones, touch screen is as good as it gets.
Nice phone, the camera is pretty decent too.
She wanted a new basic phone for a long time, one with a camera and bigger buttons.
its a very nice phone with a pretty nice camera.
But it has some limitations I was simply not expecting to see in a new Nokia phone:- The camera despite having a decent quality is has none of the basic options other simpler phones provide, it lacks filters, color modes, and even brigthness adjusment.
2 drawbacks are: Sound could be louder when playing music from the phone's music app and 2nd, camera could be better.
The camera is even pretty good.
2 MP camera with flash, etc.
It has a larger display than my old nokia so it's easier to see when I'm texting, good battery life, good signal strenght, a decent camera, if you're used to nokia features-they're all there & some seem improved.
The camera's on here could be a bit better but they serve their purpose.
worst camera ever, there is nothing in the app market compared to Google Play.
I love this phone, its not that fast although its speed did not seem to decrease when several apps were opened but it has a good camera and takes decent photos in low light and good quality video with sufficient ambient light present.
Forget about taking selfies as there is no front camera and no flash so forget about taking pictures in the dark.
The Nokia 5800 is a good phone but has its downsides:Pros:- Touch screen is responsive- The full keyboard is spacious- Has a stylus but isn't really needed- Feels sturdy- Comes with 8GB of storage- Decent camera for a cell phone,- Internet browsing is decent- Comes with Wifi and Bluetooth- Good music player/radioCons:- The memory card is very hard to remove.
Lots of apps, all the bells and whistles you'd expect on a modern cell phone like a camera and Bluetooth, etc.
The phone itself is nicely designed and offers pretty much exactly what you'd expect in terms of calls, texts, camera, etc.
If you need a camera - "you buy a camera".
The camera not the best but I'm not a picture person so it's of no use to me.
Now this is meant to be my back up phone but with excellent battery life decent camera and fast performance it has become my main phone atleast until the Lumia 950 is released this is priced below its value you point.
-MACRO of the camera is awesome.
+ intuitive interface super easy to use+good for a touch-screen beginner (hybrid between traditional and modern selective methods)+superfast camera+nice video quality+decent display+very light and compact, good design+comes with a pick for small objects on the screen (awesome)-not a very responsive touch-screen-image quality is sub-par-no flash ( are u serious.
Crappy camera.
I rated only 4 stars because it's camera and loud speaker needs to be corrected/reformed.
camera works well to.
Same goes for the camera; I don't use it, can't speak to its quality, but if a camera is important to you this isn't the best choice.
The music function is absolutely the best, and the camera has great resolution (3.
The camera's great.
good camera, phone is good; wi fi not as good as the model 640.
the camera is not high resolution, but good enough for cellphone wallpapers.
Image quality from camera falls a bit behind Lumia 950, but the price is unbeatable.
Cons:The camera takes somewhat good pictures, especially with the flash.
The camera is so much better than the one I had on my flip phone that I really can't complain.
I gave it two stars because it texts OK and plays music OK, and the camera and other features seem to work OK.
2 MP)-Wi-Fi-Pin Code Lock-Internet Radio-Data ManagementCONS:-Pain To Set Up-No front camera-Not many apps-Only A 2GB SD Card-No Brightness Control-Small Screen-Non-Removable BloatwareI would reccomend this to someone who is willing to sacrifice some smartphone luxuries without sacrificing them all to save a lot of cash.
The camera/video part of this phone is not equivalent to a stand-alone camera, like my Panasonic Lumix.
I put some pictures I have taken with my other camera on the memory card and they look great on the screen and are really clear.
I had owned various phones in the past and Nokia is the best on any comparison, for the Features available on this phone, had Apple had all these features it will cost 10 times more, most people don't even know it has extra camera on the front for video Calls along with the 3.
I mean, it doesn't even have a camera.
8 camera flash is bright i load torch software on phone and i can use it as torch also.
I bought this because it had a decent video camera/camera(compared to my old Nokia) and the ability to browse the internet(my old Nokia could barely perform that function).
is an excellent choice if you are looking for a touch screen smart phone, I've had a phew touch screen phones in the past but this is the best one yet, the only thing that I wasn't 100% happy with is the camera is not a very good one when there is not much light, but the rest is fantastic, the different writing modes are the best, you won't even notice it's a touch screen, berceuse you can blast emails and SMS messages like with a keyboard cell phone.
It has a camera, bluetooth, radio and more.
The camera quality is excellent and there are many different options for editing your pictures and videos.
Photo camera is very good too - self portrate, panorama, smth else which I'm not going to use.
2 pixel camera/video, zoom, flashlight, red eye reduction, and etc like an iPhone without data plan.
camera really disappoint you.
Overall, the phone's camera could be better given the quality of cameras on previous Nokia products, namely the N95, but this judgment is relative.
There is no lag in any app I've ran and the camera is beyond wonderful.
The camera produces excellent photos but do not rely on the auto mode to give you the best shots.
Using the camera more often than not required restarting the phone (otherwise it would say "Not Allowed").
It has the great calendar, alarm clock, text messaging, camera, missed/received call and other features of the C2, which makes it a keeper.
The camera gets dogged a lot, but in all actuality, it does a pretty good job when taking pictures in bright outdoor/indoor light.
2MP camera with its flash and everything, pictures in dark places come out with bad quality most of the times.
" The camera never worked right from the start and everyday it got worse, pixelating and soon, getting stuck in camera so that I had to remove the battery to unstick it.
Apps were enough for video+music, camera, a driving navigator, a walking map, public transit, some Nokia proprietary apps that work well; like the panoramic camera app that stiches together about 4 pictures.
A big downfall is that the features aren't set up intuitively, it takes some getting used to finding simple things like changing your wall paper, finding the camera and ring tones in the menus.
The front and back camera are good, especially when combined with Lumia Selfie and Lumia Camera, allowing you to control a lot of elements in the photo.
The camera is astounding, Windows 10 mobile is a great os.
The new firmware is also supposed to contain a camera enhancement.
However, the functionality and the capability are hardly noticeable when comparing the two in day-by-day operations (excluding the camera, because the Nokia 808 is an incredible camera that lets you make phone calls and organize your life).
I have used both cameras and the picture quality is great, the video feature is awesome as well.
Has a decent camera for a feature phone.
With consideration of all of the above, would I still buy this camera if I had it to do all over again.
I don't know about pixels and all the criticism about camera but to me this phone is great phone great.
It has front camera, flash, 4G LTE etc.
The camera won't replace anyone's separate camera but is good for the random snapshots.
The phone is great, brought to Brazil, the best camera I had, and overall system is way faster then my old 640xl.
The problem with the auto-shut off feature appears to be, that the screen goes off as it should, but if I leave the camera function on and then while the screen shuts down, it does not shut down the camera and the battery continues to be depleted as if the screen was on and I was using the camera.
The phone is a great has an alarm clock, calendar, calculator, ad camera.
i just got this sweet phone from amazon a couple of weeks ago, and is a very good phone, it has nice features, the image is good, camera is good, touch screen is not as sensitive as the iphone, but is very good also.
A solid dumb phone with possibly the longest battery life in its class; other people take its lack of camera and basic web functionality as a con but it is getting increasingly difficult to find a dumb phone with NO frills.
-Definitely not a camera phone despite its great Carl Zeiss lens.
For Example This will be my 3rd cell phone ever my first Nokia 3560 phone without a camera, second LG Cu500 has a camera and music player and 3rd Nokia 5800 Wifi, touchscreen watch and listen to media on the go.
Excellent camera, video recorder, I even scan documents with it even if I have a scanner around.
Well with the new firmware nokia raise the cpu clock to 434mhz (d'oh the same as n97)-If you know how take pictures, you'll find 5800xm camera excellent even in low light condition-The GPS is kinda slow but once is connected is delightfull.
Front facing camera isn't that good.
The camera is decent, seems to take better photos than my old phone did and the camera has more settings than the camera on the 5310 did.
The camera on this phone is quite basic, but it works if you are willing to wait for it to load.
It was a HUGE update over her old LG flip phone with less than 1 megapixel camera (LOL).
It will be hard to go back to regular digital cameras after using the camera on this phone.
