only holds power for 15 hours (even when not used)Camera doesn't work as good as expected, and the thing, that protects the camera, fell of the first day.
The camera quality isn't good with a 320Mp camera.
Nice camera, nice sound, good touch screen.
good camera, phone is good; wi fi not as good as the model 640.
the camera is not high resolution, but good enough for cellphone wallpapers.
The front facing camera is ok but if you want to upload selfies to Instagram will look washed out until you get a really good light to compensate the noise and lack of resolution.
For a 2mp camera photos are pretty good, but no flash though, but I can live with that.
Pros:xpressmusic buttonFavorite contactsPretty good pictures and video (sometimes)Really nice screen for viewing photos/videosQWERTY keyboardTouch screen feels/works greatMusic playerMusic tones8GB cardCons:No delete all button for texts and contactsAlarm clock settingsUPDATE: I did end up finding how to change the settings on the alarm clock to turn vibrate off.
Hopefully in the future manufacturers will address the camera quality since generally you carry this device everywhere.
The 720p screen isn't as bad as people think, everyone thinks its all about pixels, but you can get nice crisp 720p screens, just like this phone has.
Ok, the good: 1) It's compact and I love slider phones that cover up the keyboardAnd the bad: 1) It was a pain in the butt to figure out the configurations to get the mms to work, but that's part of getting an unlocked phone2) Every time I use the text to send to an email, the phone turns off and restarts3) The keyboard buttons are pretty flat & are close together so it's easy to hit the wrong button4) The camera quality is crap, but you can't really expect much from a phone like this5) The alarm feature worked like once.
2 MP)-Wi-Fi-Pin Code Lock-Internet Radio-Data ManagementCONS:-Pain To Set Up-No front camera-Not many apps-Only A 2GB SD Card-No Brightness Control-Small Screen-Non-Removable BloatwareI would reccomend this to someone who is willing to sacrifice some smartphone luxuries without sacrificing them all to save a lot of cash.
Sound is good and camera is not that much , only limited.
The phone fells good in the hand, the screen is really good for the density of pixels it has and the performance so far with games is decent.
I expect that like many cameras, broad daylight will reveal its best performance, and my good photos so far are really good.
Daylight pictures look pretty good for a camera phone.
The built-in camera works well for its intended function - obviously not as good as similar cameras on smartphones but better than majority of cameras on other non-smartphones.
The camera is great and takes good pictures, the screen is gorgeous and looks nice when surfing the web.
Cons:The camera takes somewhat good pictures, especially with the flash.
8 camera flash is bright i load torch software on phone and i can use it as torch also.
Photo gallery supports timeline mode - see photos specific to this date, press right and left to go to next/prev date.
As a media device it features second to none audio quality (with good encoding and headphones it sounds incredible), and a truly amazing screen for photo viewing and video playback.
be/ibP8Uv7JzKcFor features just click on this link http://youtu.
Photo camera is very good too - self portrate, panorama, smth else which I'm not going to use.
is an excellent choice if you are looking for a touch screen smart phone, I've had a phew touch screen phones in the past but this is the best one yet, the only thing that I wasn't 100% happy with is the camera is not a very good one when there is not much light, but the rest is fantastic, the different writing modes are the best, you won't even notice it's a touch screen, berceuse you can blast emails and SMS messages like with a keyboard cell phone.
It's my first 3g phone and I really like it, ease to use, good screen quality but the camera is not good.
It has the great sync software that syncs all your photos, videos, contacts, notes etc between phone and PC using Bluetooth, just switch on the PC and it does the sync automatically.
In spite of having a Carl Zeiss camera lens with LED flash, the pictures taken were not that good.
(you will have a hard time with 1-800-CAL-WHAT)iPhone killer: (differences with the iphone)Better CameraBetter Music playersturdierBetter upgrading optionsLower costBetter browserMature OS (with Flash)Support for A2DP bluettoth (clear sound in bluetooth headphones)Better screen ResolutionMore touchscreen inputs (like stylus and handwriting)2 cameras and support for video calls.
It takes photos, and records like a camcorder, this includes self timer, image sequence, brightness control, effects, whitness balance, and video share call16-There is a screen on the outside so you can see who is calling without opening the phoneAppearance1-Menu functions are easy to see.
Well with the new firmware nokia raise the cpu clock to 434mhz (d'oh the same as n97)-If you know how take pictures, you'll find 5800xm camera excellent even in low light condition-The GPS is kinda slow but once is connected is delightfull.
It is light and the complete back casing where the phone's face snaps into the rear housing-case is good at eliminating dirt and what-not that tends to get into the back of phones.
camera works well to.
It looks like a snap on video, but it's a serious impediment in real life, and I'm no weakling--I'm sure I could open it with the beyond normally required force, but I could have snap or break something inside rendering it less desirable.
Its fast, photo is very good.
" The camera never worked right from the start and everyday it got worse, pixelating and soon, getting stuck in camera so that I had to remove the battery to unstick it.
Pros:--battery life--solid voice quality--quick and smooth operating system--good predictive texting--threaded text messages--simple mp3 player--flashlight--web browser so slow you'll never be tempted to use it--little 2mp camera good enough for quick, unimportant picsCons:--has web browser--buttons a bit small (though I have huge hands and don't really have a difficult time navigating the buttons)--can't delete apps from menu--AT&T about to take down 2g network, leaving only TMobile's.
Apps were enough for video+music, camera, a driving navigator, a walking map, public transit, some Nokia proprietary apps that work well; like the panoramic camera app that stiches together about 4 pictures.
The Nokia 5800 is a good phone but has its downsides:Pros:- Touch screen is responsive- The full keyboard is spacious- Has a stylus but isn't really needed- Feels sturdy- Comes with 8GB of storage- Decent camera for a cell phone,- Internet browsing is decent- Comes with Wifi and Bluetooth- Good music player/radioCons:- The memory card is very hard to remove.
The front and back camera are good, especially when combined with Lumia Selfie and Lumia Camera, allowing you to control a lot of elements in the photo.
-Camera button, i love having the separate button for just the camera.
The cellphone is very nice and with good characteristics so far, such as Display, the camera resolution, the Apps, the design.
the phone died after 6 months of use and I had to discard it, I looked very good phone good functions, basic camera but okay, very important features bluetooth, spekaer, and some games.
I do have to say the camera is not so great, so if you are looking for a good camera phone I would not buy this phone.
The front facing camera is an outstanding feature and works very well.
Good reception, good photos, but the headset does not fit well.
So far this phone is everything I expected; its easy to use, has a decent processor, stable software, good camera and lots of apps to download.
This phone is exceptional for sound and camera functions, for people that don't need the data package.
Video webcam available via 2 cameras, not locked on to a monthly $30 data plan like the Iphone, battery on par with my previous cell phones, touch screen is as good as it gets.
0 px camera the quality was amazing so I was worried that this one was not gonna be as good even though it had better resolution, but it's turned out real good.
While using the phone normally it is looks as good as any other screen, but when watching YouTube videos it's lack of pixels becomes apparent.
It has a larger display than my old nokia so it's easier to see when I'm texting, good battery life, good signal strenght, a decent camera, if you're used to nokia features-they're all there & some seem improved.
Only negative point is the side's of video and photo, because i can't turn to right side to see a video, for exemple, it has only left side default.
I have a minor concern with the battery cover, it seems like it was more of an afterthought in the design of the device, there is no buttons or latches to secure it, just a few tabs that u click it into.
The Video (which iPhone does not have at this time) is very exceptional as well; even more functional and better quality than the camera still shots (odd eh.
- Nice big screen (the glare issue could be corrected by buying a stick on anti-glare protection film)- GPS- Wireless connection- FM radio- Easy to transfer data to and from PC- Call quality is good- Expandable memoryCons:- Bad camera for its 3.
The phones music player is good and camera is not bad.
It won't fast focus or quickly adjust to changes in available light.
The camera won't replace anyone's separate camera but is good for the random snapshots.
The camera gets dogged a lot, but in all actuality, it does a pretty good job when taking pictures in bright outdoor/indoor light.
The construction is good, but I got a better signal on my 6-year-old Nokia 5310, and it couldn't read the music and photos on my SIM card, only the address book.
The PRO's: Great resolution, camera and sound; integrated wi-fi; good memory capacityThe CON's: Poor capacity to arrange the menus as you wish; no easy use of the touch screen as Palm-like graffity.
I have used both cameras and the picture quality is great, the video feature is awesome as well.
I have been successful in carefully prising the cover off the phone: the but-end and then the two sides so they snap loose; then carefully raise the end to unhinge the back from around the earphone jack.
The camera itself is 8 megapixels with a Carl Zeiss lens, and it is just ok.
The camera isn't so good but that's the only thing negative about this phone.
The phone has great features like wifi, Very good camera (two cameras), touch screen, and many applications.
good phone same as the lumia 720 but needs app to be able to download the arlo security system too view my cameras.
The camera and call quality is very good.
i just got this sweet phone from amazon a couple of weeks ago, and is a very good phone, it has nice features, the image is good, camera is good, touch screen is not as sensitive as the iphone, but is very good also.
I've shot mostly indoors so far, and find that exposure ranges from unusable to good, grain is pretty bad in low lighting, but the flash is quite powerful.
I love this phone, its not that fast although its speed did not seem to decrease when several apps were opened but it has a good camera and takes decent photos in low light and good quality video with sufficient ambient light present.
It's classic Nokia - solid build, clear and logical user interface, real keyboard, good size clear display, camera that's fine for the occasional quick photo and it's affordable.
the camera quality is pretty good, I had a motorola a1200 before and although it was a 2.
As for cons, well I find it a bit unstable sometimes and I've had to reset it to factory settings twice cause certain features like the camera and music become unaccessible, and I don't even tinker with it much like some do by installing apps from other sites other than the store or installing custom firmware.
The camera is even pretty good.
I loved it for the first few daysthen camera just diedI googled and found that it is common software problem with Lumia and Windows - automatic windows upgrade kills your camera; inserting storage card kills our camera.
All the hardware shown in the description make the phone run smoothly in every action you make with it, the camera is fantastic and since the store doesn't have some of the official apps the community adds there own and work just fine.
Front facing camera isn't that good.
The camera is good (not great) and I love the music library interface, comes with a free 8 GB Micro SD card.
We do very little texting and do not have a data plan but it does has a camera and is very good.
+ intuitive interface super easy to use+good for a touch-screen beginner (hybrid between traditional and modern selective methods)+superfast camera+nice video quality+decent display+very light and compact, good design+comes with a pick for small objects on the screen (awesome)-not a very responsive touch-screen-image quality is sub-par-no flash ( are u serious.
The camera does have focus problems in low and excessively bright light.
My only real complaint about this phone is that it does not have full-screen photocall (like my old Nokia phone did) and it doesn't let me view photos as organized by folder from the mini SD card (just views them as if they were all in one huge folder unless you specifically save them to individual "albums" and then only view the album that contains the photo you want to view).
Phone display is impressive, camera is good, battery life good, speaker also okay.
