The screen is great, it's very responsive, excellent camera, great call or signal strength and the battery for us has not been an issue.
the only thing i wish it had wich is no big deal is have a front camera because taking a pic turning the phone around decreases accuracy.
In short, I recomend the phone as it is easy to use and the camera abilities are great but don't pay more than $100 for cause if you are willing to spend more money than get the Galaxy III which I plan on upgrading to when my contract with verizon is up.
Really neat phone, love the camera quality.
Nice camera with great quality.
Bluetooth works great for transfer of photos to my computer and contacts between phones.
great camera and easy to use if you prefer an uncomplicated devices as i do.
5 GB of ram which isn't really noticeable unless you are heavily multitasking- Camera struggles to focus and stay focused at times but otherwise takes great photos- Runs android Lollipop right now even though Marshmallow is out (I hear they are releasing an update soon)- No active display or LED notificationIt's unfortunate that the market is saturated with phablets and we have very little choice when it comes to conservatively sized devices, but all in all I think this is a great phone (especially for the current price of $264).
God knows I'm accident prone,I've dropped this phone so much since I bought it,it works great,nice little camera to,I have uploaded the photos to my computer and the look fantastic,you'd never guess they were taken with this phone.
This phone works,looks and feels great and the camera is amazing.
The phone is slightly larger than expected so it gives you a HUGE screen on which to display your photos with gorgeous color, sharp details, a truly impressive display.
The only complaint I personally have is the camera, believe me a 13mp with led flash is great but I used to have the Samsung K Zoom which had a 20.
Besides, the camera is great.
7mp camera and lots of filters preinstalled so this is why I am complaining because the camera on the phone is great too, it will just take me some time to get used to it.
But other than that it's a really great phone very fast, snappy and responsive.
It takes great pictures, although the camera has a small dark spot and everytime I take a picture, there is a small dark spot in every photo, I have learned to live with it since I dont take much pictures.
Takes great photos, even has photo editing in the phone (so you can capture and edit the perfect wall paper for your comeback.
Everything works great but the camera is very sensitive I get blurry photos very easily.
The colors are accurate, (in photo mode), viewing angles are great, brightness is adequate, and you get the familiar benefits of it being OLED.
An all around great phone, solid design, snappy, and absolutely beautiful screen.
I already have 2 weeks using this phone and the only thing I can say it's "amazing", very light weight and thin, the resolution/size of the AMOLED display is great, very very good camera, windows 7 mango in gorgeous and very intuitive (it's looks better than any android version that I have used and I haven't had any single "frozen" screen or software lag since I first started it), apps and games are high quality.
Everything was great but the camera.
Fast, great camera with a very good quality of the photo.
The camera on the phone takes great pictures and is one of the reasons I went with this phone.
Sorry for the long review but it really is a wonderful cell phoneCons:wonderful big touch screen phone Comes in the package with everything including headphones Great camera.
The camera is fairly good too, 16mp and great 1080p video.
Wish I could make the photos I take show up larger.
I am a pic taker, and this phone really takes great photos as well.
Not that great of camera, but I didn't buy it for that.
the camera is ok not great, i would say exactly average.
Strong build, good battery life, cameras are pretty good and the screen is all around great.
the camera quality is good and the flash light works great.
Awesome display, great call quality, signal, camera etc.
The camera isn't the greatest compared to my Samsung Galaxy Note 3 but it take decent pictures and there's a flash too so the low lit pictures still look good.
No complaints and the camera and slow mo video is great.
Essentially its the same great camera minus a few megapixels.
The camera is nice and editing feature is great.
The colour display is small yet pixel clarity is great.
texting is easy on it, and the camera is great too.
Screenshots enclosed let great cal;l try to dispute these facts as they did at consumer affairs.
But the camera works great, the video is great as well, and even the web browsing is decent and gives me what I need.
For Neg's, I would say the speaker phone could be a tad louder, flash for night time shots would be great and wish I could get a solid 3 days of use, otherwise I keep a charger in the car just incase.
Other notes:*battery life-it's a smartphone, so don't expect much*speaker-just as loud as, maybe even louder than, my sister's galaxy s3*camera-5 mp not so bad, flash great , image stabilization okay, video quality only good in youtube 720 hd mode*no security lock for apps/text messages, threaded messaging(great feature)*3G connectivityMore updates later***.
I bought this pone over a year ago and I still working perfect, is small, great design, the camera takes great quality pictures for 5MP.
In particular the ability to open the camera app when you are logged out is a very important aspect of the Galaxy S5 and the fact that it is somewhat weather resistance is a big plus.
they really needed to look at placement of the camera lens because I get so many shots with my finger in it, many great moments lost because the need to take the time to make sure your finger isn't in the shot.
The camera is amazing, takes great quality photos in the day and night.
Great phone, great camera, great everything.
And the picture snaps -not great quality but I have down loaded many from my phone card.
Today we went to the beach as there was a big storm and we took pics side by side and the focus produced much better pics than my nexus one.
The mango update has added many features, the camera takes great pictures in low light.
PROS:--great reliable Verizon reception--great call quality (no distorted or dropped phone calls)--ringer is quite loud (both the preloaded AND the downloaded and I don't have it on the highest setting)--camera takes pretty good pictures if it's main purpose is to take small pictures to send to friends & others or set as a phone background--battery life is good (the battery display is a little misleading (it says it's lower than it really is) but rest assured that you're good to go until it starts blinking)--display screen is bright and colorful and clear and the verizon logo doesn't take up half the screen and cut off the tops of my pictures like on my old audiovox--the phone is very nice looking and conveniently small (bigger than my old audiovox but currently the smallest phone availible from VerizonCONS:--no speakerphone.
Easy to use, great photos, high speed internet, I absolutely love it.
