There are certainly better phone cameras out there, with the iPhone 5 and Lumia 920 blowing it out of the water.
When I took off the back of the phone to remove the battery so that I could install my SIM card, it was a real chore to get the back to "click" in.
I recently bought this phone and it is beautiful, the camera takes clean pictures and stuff but i'm so disappointed because the phone is out dated and i've been trying to update it but so far no luck.
The design of this phone is sober and elegant, providing some services such as wi-fi, radio, camera, web browser, audio recorder and calls recorder are wonderful.
My husband and kids gave the phone for mothers day as a gift I love the camera and how fast it is.
What I don't like1/ Making a phone call is pathetic - how many clicks do I have to make in order to make a simple phone call.
is an excellent choice if you are looking for a touch screen smart phone, I've had a phew touch screen phones in the past but this is the best one yet, the only thing that I wasn't 100% happy with is the camera is not a very good one when there is not much light, but the rest is fantastic, the different writing modes are the best, you won't even notice it's a touch screen, berceuse you can blast emails and SMS messages like with a keyboard cell phone.
The USB cable (Nokia model CA-101) from my old phone worked perfectly with this one to connect it to my computer and drag/drop files and photos onto this phone.
(you will have a hard time with 1-800-CAL-WHAT)iPhone killer: (differences with the iphone)Better CameraBetter Music playersturdierBetter upgrading optionsLower costBetter browserMature OS (with Flash)Support for A2DP bluettoth (clear sound in bluetooth headphones)Better screen ResolutionMore touchscreen inputs (like stylus and handwriting)2 cameras and support for video calls.
Come'on Nokia you are supposed to be the phone camera kings.
I prefer the windows phone over Android and am very pleased with how the phone and camera performs.
As a media device it features second to none audio quality (with good encoding and headphones it sounds incredible), and a truly amazing screen for photo viewing and video playback.
I wanted a reasonably priced smartphone that allowed access to the web, made phone calls, had gps, a decent camera, etc etc that was NOT an IPhone.
The phones music player is good and camera is not bad.
This very basic phone has a superb battery life, an OK camera, and served her needs perfectly.
It takes photos, and records like a camcorder, this includes self timer, image sequence, brightness control, effects, whitness balance, and video share call16-There is a screen on the outside so you can see who is calling without opening the phoneAppearance1-Menu functions are easy to see.
The phone's camera is quite decent in my opinion.
It looks like a snap on video, but it's a serious impediment in real life, and I'm no weakling--I'm sure I could open it with the beyond normally required force, but I could have snap or break something inside rendering it less desirable.
The one inconvenience, as another reviewer pointed out, is the fact that there's no USB outlet or removable memory card on the 2720, so even though it takes photos, there's no simple, direct way to GET the photos from the phone to your computer.
Although not a "smart phone" this compact device is feature-packed with a camera for stills and video, a real music player, a real FM radio using your headset as its antenna, Bluetooth and USB, and data storage on a mini SD card.
I had owned various phones in the past and Nokia is the best on any comparison, for the Features available on this phone, had Apple had all these features it will cost 10 times more, most people don't even know it has extra camera on the front for video Calls along with the 3.
The cellphone is very nice and with good characteristics so far, such as Display, the camera resolution, the Apps, the design.
No camera, bluetooth or pc connectivity, but you can make calls and text.
The camera was pretty decent considering it is only 2 megapixels.
The camera on this phone is the best camera I have ever seen.
So far this phone is everything I expected; its easy to use, has a decent processor, stable software, good camera and lots of apps to download.
This phone is exceptional for sound and camera functions, for people that don't need the data package.
It is light and the complete back casing where the phone's face snaps into the rear housing-case is good at eliminating dirt and what-not that tends to get into the back of phones.
Bluetooth makes transfer of photos and music from you computer to phone a snap.
2 mg camera and video that are fun to use, 8gb of micro SD storage and easy USB connection to your computer for uploading your favorite tunes, which you can use for your ringtones.
This phone is great, light weight, easy to use, the camera is decent and it is very compact and fits in my pocket.
OVI Suite makes life a little easier - backups, edits, map downloads, syncing, seamless so farEssentially UNDER priced given its capabilities (compare this phone to a 4-600 dollar newer phone)Feels like a true open-source, unlocked phone (unlike Google's ad machines and Apples prison-camp approach to technology)decent camera with functional macro lensCons:UI is not an A+ - more like a solid B.
The PRO's: Great resolution, camera and sound; integrated wi-fi; good memory capacityThe CON's: Poor capacity to arrange the menus as you wish; no easy use of the touch screen as Palm-like graffity.
The camera isn't so good but that's the only thing negative about this phone.
The phone has great features like wifi, Very good camera (two cameras), touch screen, and many applications.
SIM cardTransfering my SIM card was a snap, so you know on this phone the SIM card slides into a slot with the little gold part facing up instead of down, and is located below where the battery goes.
0 A Male to Micro B" for this phone and it is very nice quality cord that worked perfectly with this model of phone so I could transfer MP3s and photos and such between the phone and my Windows 7 computer.
This is a Cheap made in China phone with a very ugly camera and video quality, it takes terrible pictures.
Nokia should really make it a 2 click process, select contact and call, hope they make that change.
All the hardware shown in the description make the phone run smoothly in every action you make with it, the camera is fantastic and since the store doesn't have some of the official apps the community adds there own and work just fine.
Nice phone, the camera is pretty decent too.
However, I also have a Sony digital camera and, as luck would have it, its charger also charged this phone and so we were able to use it after all.
Every single time they had a lame excuse like the wrong IMEI (had to send them the photo of the phone, even that didn't help).
My only real complaint about this phone is that it does not have full-screen photocall (like my old Nokia phone did) and it doesn't let me view photos as organized by folder from the mini SD card (just views them as if they were all in one huge folder unless you specifically save them to individual "albums" and then only view the album that contains the photo you want to view).
Not a major overhaul on the operating system basically everything looks the same as previous nokia smart phones, the camera, video, and music interfaces could have made better use of finger controls in my opinion.
the phone died after 6 months of use and I had to discard it, I looked very good phone good functions, basic camera but okay, very important features bluetooth, spekaer, and some games.
The phone fells good in the hand, the screen is really good for the density of pixels it has and the performance so far with games is decent.
So I have a very nice phone but without camera; I still have hope that Nokia and Microsoft will address it one day.
The phone works great clear LOUD speaker phone, great fun snap shoot digital camera, great flash abilities to stream web content, great call quality, very pretty screen.
The built-in camera works well for its intended function - obviously not as good as similar cameras on smartphones but better than majority of cameras on other non-smartphones.
I do love the camera on this phone.
really like the phone, the camera is great and the music player is even better.
After a recent fire which burned down my building, I re-discovered the critical value of having even a bad camera on hand and available, if only by phone.
Pros====-Good camera for a cellphone: 3.
What I like about the phone:1/ It is very sleek and fits snugly in the hand2/ The voice quality and the speakers are excellent and have enough power3/ It has WiFi and Bluetooth4/ I am a stylus type of guy and I like the handwriting capability - probably the best feature5/ Changing the SIM or the SD is a snap.
I have no idea what this particular inlet model is called but I took a picture of it and will post it in the product photos.
Solid phone, a mature Windows phone with an amazing camera, top battery life.
It's my first 3g phone and I really like it, ease to use, good screen quality but the camera is not good.
This could be called "soft" focus.
Having said that - I did not buy the phone because of the camera.
Only issue is camera is not better than Galaxy S5 during low light.
It will text and call, but will not send or receive photos.
You can keep 4 contacts (with photo icons) on homescreen for quick calling, texting, etc.
the virtual keyboard does not open to enter automatically and the camera takes nice pictures but does not open easily and you must go through several steps between shots to save the picture and take another.
Not to small not to big, love cortana, the camera, the phone overal.
The camera on it is horrible, I had less expensive phones that had much better picture quality then this phone.
2MP camera with auto-focus, dual-LED flash and video recording (plus a 2nd front camera for video calling).
Sometimes miss amazing moments of photos of my kids because the phone freezes after taking a single picture.
I believe, however the choice was made to make it affordable, given the fact that it also comes with a front-facing camera for video calls.
There MUST be a way to pre-program your call-in numbers, and log-in with 1-2 'clicks'.
3 megapixel cellphone camera since I already have a Canon PowerShot SX210IS 14.
I think the Nokia 5800 meets almost all the worldwide communication market demands on a cellphone: Good call performance (voice and video), 3G browsing capability, WiFi, expandable SD capacity (up to 16Gb), decent camera for picture and video recording, really nice and versatile multi-format audio and video player, and a great sinergy-friendly operative system.
He likes the phone, however, it can neither send nor receive photos via text message.
The 720p screen isn't as bad as people think, everyone thinks its all about pixels, but you can get nice crisp 720p screens, just like this phone has.
Ok, the good: 1) It's compact and I love slider phones that cover up the keyboardAnd the bad: 1) It was a pain in the butt to figure out the configurations to get the mms to work, but that's part of getting an unlocked phone2) Every time I use the text to send to an email, the phone turns off and restarts3) The keyboard buttons are pretty flat & are close together so it's easy to hit the wrong button4) The camera quality is crap, but you can't really expect much from a phone like this5) The alarm feature worked like once.
Small in size, sufficient to fulfill all I need from a phone (basicall a cell phone and a camera), this is the fourth Nokia 5310 I have bought: one lost, another savaged by the dog, and one needing repairs, awaiting spare parts; I must be pleased with it.
I took it into a retailer and they were able to fix it so I could send photos, the only problem is that it can't download large photo images from smartphones (and that's what everyone sends photos with these days)BATTERY IS AMAZING.
I switched to this from the LG Renoir, which has an 8 megapixel camera, WIFI etc etc but absolutely terrible call quality and was not at all user-friendly and am very happy with the switch.
It has all the features you would want in a phone -- excellent camera, super-fast GPS and mapping features, very large storage capacity, etc.
The camera is nice and delivers great photos, but when I am on a call and someone calls in via call-waiting, there isn't any tone or beep letting me know someone else is calling me.
Dialing can be a pain, you have to click several times to get to the point of calling a contact, but I have gotten accusotmed to that (same on N95).
The only thing on the phone that seems to be somewhat damageable is the metal piece around the camera lens.
The phone I received was slightly different that the product photo.
Great cellphone with an excelent camera.
The phone is small, fits nicely in the pocket and has a camera that isn't too bad.
Yeah love this phone and its camera.
I've tried a couple of my brother's phones and his are harder to control with scrolling, swiping, and accidently clicking things.
Hence I am forgiving of camera phones in general.
My parents and some friends want some of this phones so I am going to order more but if you look for a better camera and better battery life look for the Lumia 640 XL.
Daylight pictures look pretty good for a camera phone.
I like my phone but some apps wont work the same like facebook and messenger you cannot watch live im a teenager so that's important but other than some apps camera works fine fast phone nice screen size beautiful hd viewing.
This phone has the best camera I've used.
A big downfall is that the features aren't set up intuitively, it takes some getting used to finding simple things like changing your wall paper, finding the camera and ring tones in the menus.
I do have to say the camera is not so great, so if you are looking for a good camera phone I would not buy this phone.
The camera and call quality is very good.
At first, with the 4S, I could access my photos from my windows computer, but then that feature went away during some "update.
Video webcam available via 2 cameras, not locked on to a monthly $30 data plan like the Iphone, battery on par with my previous cell phones, touch screen is as good as it gets.
That resolved my issue with the number of clicks to make a simple phone call.
She wanted a new basic phone for a long time, one with a camera and bigger buttons.
its a very nice phone with a pretty nice camera.
But it has some limitations I was simply not expecting to see in a new Nokia phone:- The camera despite having a decent quality is has none of the basic options other simpler phones provide, it lacks filters, color modes, and even brigthness adjusment.
2 drawbacks are: Sound could be louder when playing music from the phone's music app and 2nd, camera could be better.
I have been successful in carefully prising the cover off the phone: the but-end and then the two sides so they snap loose; then carefully raise the end to unhinge the back from around the earphone jack.
The camera operates better than the average cell phone.
Lots of apps, all the bells and whistles you'd expect on a modern cell phone like a camera and Bluetooth, etc.
good phone same as the lumia 720 but needs app to be able to download the arlo security system too view my cameras.
I love this phone, its not that fast although its speed did not seem to decrease when several apps were opened but it has a good camera and takes decent photos in low light and good quality video with sufficient ambient light present.
The Nokia 5800 is a good phone but has its downsides:Pros:- Touch screen is responsive- The full keyboard is spacious- Has a stylus but isn't really needed- Feels sturdy- Comes with 8GB of storage- Decent camera for a cell phone,- Internet browsing is decent- Comes with Wifi and Bluetooth- Good music player/radioCons:- The memory card is very hard to remove.
anybody in your family or friend can access you photos,videos,masseges etc there is not even a simple pasword securiy on phone.
The phone itself is nicely designed and offers pretty much exactly what you'd expect in terms of calls, texts, camera, etc.
Now this is meant to be my back up phone but with excellent battery life decent camera and fast performance it has become my main phone atleast until the Lumia 950 is released this is priced below its value you point.
Nice camera, nice sound, good touch screen.
good camera, phone is good; wi fi not as good as the model 640.
the camera is not high resolution, but good enough for cellphone wallpapers.
The camera is so much better than the one I had on my flip phone that I really can't complain.
2 MP)-Wi-Fi-Pin Code Lock-Internet Radio-Data ManagementCONS:-Pain To Set Up-No front camera-Not many apps-Only A 2GB SD Card-No Brightness Control-Small Screen-Non-Removable BloatwareI would reccomend this to someone who is willing to sacrifice some smartphone luxuries without sacrificing them all to save a lot of cash.
The camera/video part of this phone is not equivalent to a stand-alone camera, like my Panasonic Lumix.
It does all the multi-media requirements that I want: MP3 music, videos at 640x360 resolution, GPS, Carl Zeiss Camera lens with flash, 16GB flash space, multi-tasking with open applications, and not to mention the call clarity when using voice calls.
I love music and photography, so this phone was MADE for me.
8 camera flash is bright i load torch software on phone and i can use it as torch also.
But, after being used to Win 7 and to an iPhone 4s, I was not able to understand how it worked after a little bit of trying, it seemed to be focused on internet fun and not on the simpler functions of phone and text messaging, and I decided that I really don't want to learn yet another quirky operating system, namely with the "tiles.
It has the great sync software that syncs all your photos, videos, contacts, notes etc between phone and PC using Bluetooth, just switch on the PC and it does the sync automatically.
Overall, the phone's camera could be better given the quality of cameras on previous Nokia products, namely the N95, but this judgment is relative.
I'm gonna add a few photos of the cellphone, I hope it can help you to make a better choice.
Using the camera more often than not required restarting the phone (otherwise it would say "Not Allowed").
It has the great calendar, alarm clock, text messaging, camera, missed/received call and other features of the C2, which makes it a keeper.
However, the functionality and the capability are hardly noticeable when comparing the two in day-by-day operations (excluding the camera, because the Nokia 808 is an incredible camera that lets you make phone calls and organize your life).
2 camera, touchscreen, more customizable than iphone, external memory, etc etc.
While using the phone normally it is looks as good as any other screen, but when watching YouTube videos it's lack of pixels becomes apparent.
Has a decent camera for a feature phone.
I don't know about pixels and all the criticism about camera but to me this phone is great phone great.
The phone is great, brought to Brazil, the best camera I had, and overall system is way faster then my old 640xl.
The phone is a great has an alarm clock, calendar, calculator, ad camera.
i just got this sweet phone from amazon a couple of weeks ago, and is a very good phone, it has nice features, the image is good, camera is good, touch screen is not as sensitive as the iphone, but is very good also.
A solid dumb phone with possibly the longest battery life in its class; other people take its lack of camera and basic web functionality as a con but it is getting increasingly difficult to find a dumb phone with NO frills.
For Example This will be my 3rd cell phone ever my first Nokia 3560 phone without a camera, second LG Cu500 has a camera and music player and 3rd Nokia 5800 Wifi, touchscreen watch and listen to media on the go.
-Definitely not a camera phone despite its great Carl Zeiss lens.
The camera is decent, seems to take better photos than my old phone did and the camera has more settings than the camera on the 5310 did.
The camera on this phone is quite basic, but it works if you are willing to wait for it to load.
It was a HUGE update over her old LG flip phone with less than 1 megapixel camera (LOL).
It will be hard to go back to regular digital cameras after using the camera on this phone.
