The one inconvenience, as another reviewer pointed out, is the fact that there's no USB outlet or removable memory card on the 2720, so even though it takes photos, there's no simple, direct way to GET the photos from the phone to your computer.
He likes the phone, however, it can neither send nor receive photos via text message.
0 A Male to Micro B" for this phone and it is very nice quality cord that worked perfectly with this model of phone so I could transfer MP3s and photos and such between the phone and my Windows 7 computer.
2 camera picture quality is too bad.
The manufacturer label (and label under battery cover - see photos) showed clearly that this was the 301.
I expect that like many cameras, broad daylight will reveal its best performance, and my good photos so far are really good.
2MP camera with its flash and everything, pictures in dark places come out with bad quality most of the times.
For a 2mp camera photos are pretty good, but no flash though, but I can live with that.
Pros:xpressmusic buttonFavorite contactsPretty good pictures and video (sometimes)Really nice screen for viewing photos/videosQWERTY keyboardTouch screen feels/works greatMusic playerMusic tones8GB cardCons:No delete all button for texts and contactsAlarm clock settingsUPDATE: I did end up finding how to change the settings on the alarm clock to turn vibrate off.
Video and photos are sweet on the lcd screen.
The USB cable (Nokia model CA-101) from my old phone worked perfectly with this one to connect it to my computer and drag/drop files and photos onto this phone.
As a media device it features second to none audio quality (with good encoding and headphones it sounds incredible), and a truly amazing screen for photo viewing and video playback.
I put some pictures I have taken with my other camera on the memory card and they look great on the screen and are really clear.
Daylight pictures look pretty good for a camera phone.
The camera is great and takes good pictures, the screen is gorgeous and looks nice when surfing the web.
I have no idea what this particular inlet model is called but I took a picture of it and will post it in the product photos.
It start with photo gallery not responding and then follow by everything disappear from the screen.
The construction is good, but I got a better signal on my 6-year-old Nokia 5310, and it couldn't read the music and photos on my SIM card, only the address book.
It shines in daylight conditions able to capture great photos and widescreen videos of surprising quality.
I took it into a retailer and they were able to fix it so I could send photos, the only problem is that it can't download large photo images from smartphones (and that's what everyone sends photos with these days)BATTERY IS AMAZING.
The camera quality is excellent and there are many different options for editing your pictures and videos.
Well with the new firmware nokia raise the cpu clock to 434mhz (d'oh the same as n97)-If you know how take pictures, you'll find 5800xm camera excellent even in low light condition-The GPS is kinda slow but once is connected is delightfull.
The camera is nice and delivers great photos, but when I am on a call and someone calls in via call-waiting, there isn't any tone or beep letting me know someone else is calling me.
I can take photo, they may not be top quality, but I'm not complaining.
It has the great sync software that syncs all your photos, videos, contacts, notes etc between phone and PC using Bluetooth, just switch on the PC and it does the sync automatically.
It even has a decent camera see the included unedited photo.
I'm gonna add a few photos of the cellphone, I hope it can help you to make a better choice.
The camera not the best but I'm not a picture person so it's of no use to me.
In spite of having a Carl Zeiss camera lens with LED flash, the pictures taken were not that good.
The phone I received was slightly different that the product photo.
It takes photos, and records like a camcorder, this includes self timer, image sequence, brightness control, effects, whitness balance, and video share call16-There is a screen on the outside so you can see who is calling without opening the phoneAppearance1-Menu functions are easy to see.
I've shot mostly indoors so far, and find that exposure ranges from unusable to good, grain is pretty bad in low lighting, but the flash is quite powerful.
3mp photo on my desktop without data charges, or picture texting charges.
Simple photo editor.
Oh, the camera pics are OK.
It will text and call, but will not send or receive photos.
Its fast, photo is very good.
The camera produces excellent photos but do not rely on the auto mode to give you the best shots.
Pros:--battery life--solid voice quality--quick and smooth operating system--good predictive texting--threaded text messages--simple mp3 player--flashlight--web browser so slow you'll never be tempted to use it--little 2mp camera good enough for quick, unimportant picsCons:--has web browser--buttons a bit small (though I have huge hands and don't really have a difficult time navigating the buttons)--can't delete apps from menu--AT&T about to take down 2g network, leaving only TMobile's.
the virtual keyboard does not open to enter automatically and the camera takes nice pictures but does not open easily and you must go through several steps between shots to save the picture and take another.
Apps were enough for video+music, camera, a driving navigator, a walking map, public transit, some Nokia proprietary apps that work well; like the panoramic camera app that stiches together about 4 pictures.
Every single time they had a lame excuse like the wrong IMEI (had to send them the photo of the phone, even that didn't help).
The front and back camera are good, especially when combined with Lumia Selfie and Lumia Camera, allowing you to control a lot of elements in the photo.
Photo gallery supports timeline mode - see photos specific to this date, press right and left to go to next/prev date.
I love music and photography, so this phone was MADE for me.
but in regards to the latter statement, I believe you can download any type of camera u want and use the downloaded camera for photos instead of the default camera.
Good reception, good photos, but the headset does not fit well.
The camera on it is horrible, I had less expensive phones that had much better picture quality then this phone.
At first, with the 4S, I could access my photos from my windows computer, but then that feature went away during some "update.
I have used both cameras and the picture quality is great, the video feature is awesome as well.
Maybe snap a picture or two.
Bluetooth makes transfer of photos and music from you computer to phone a snap.
Only negative point is the side's of video and photo, because i can't turn to right side to see a video, for exemple, it has only left side default.
I only wish the pictures had more pixels; but, over the years, I've taken some great shots with it.
Do NOT expect great photos, however.
Sometimes miss amazing moments of photos of my kids because the phone freezes after taking a single picture.
The camera gets dogged a lot, but in all actuality, it does a pretty good job when taking pictures in bright outdoor/indoor light.
In N81, you could make albums, navigate over the photos and edit them in few steps, but now, the 5800 does not offer you the album option, you can make a folder and put the photos in, but if you want to rotate them you can quickly do it but won't save the image like that, you need to go the edit to change it, which involves 4 or 5 steps, and once you save it, it takes the image out of the folder you put it in.
I love this phone, its not that fast although its speed did not seem to decrease when several apps were opened but it has a good camera and takes decent photos in low light and good quality video with sufficient ambient light present.
Forget about taking selfies as there is no front camera and no flash so forget about taking pictures in the dark.
Of course, the OVI share experience to upload all her photos and receive comments from her friends and family, was what made her happy.
It's classic Nokia - solid build, clear and logical user interface, real keyboard, good size clear display, camera that's fine for the occasional quick photo and it's affordable.
It is about equivalent in picture quality to a throw away snap shot camera.
anybody in your family or friend can access you photos,videos,masseges etc there is not even a simple pasword securiy on phone.
This is a Cheap made in China phone with a very ugly camera and video quality, it takes terrible pictures.
When I say focus problem, I'm not intimating that the pictures are blurry or look like you are taking pictures under water, but that they are not sharp.
I recently bought this phone and it is beautiful, the camera takes clean pictures and stuff but i'm so disappointed because the phone is out dated and i've been trying to update it but so far no luck.
with 16gb card can store a lot of photos, video and games.
4) Forget about trying to take photos in less than perfect lighting- they will look grainy.
The camera is decent, seems to take better photos than my old phone did and the camera has more settings than the camera on the 5310 did.
Cons:The camera takes somewhat good pictures, especially with the flash.
I think the Nokia 5800 meets almost all the worldwide communication market demands on a cellphone: Good call performance (voice and video), 3G browsing capability, WiFi, expandable SD capacity (up to 16Gb), decent camera for picture and video recording, really nice and versatile multi-format audio and video player, and a great sinergy-friendly operative system.
+ intuitive interface super easy to use+good for a touch-screen beginner (hybrid between traditional and modern selective methods)+superfast camera+nice video quality+decent display+very light and compact, good design+comes with a pick for small objects on the screen (awesome)-not a very responsive touch-screen-image quality is sub-par-no flash ( are u serious.
My only real complaint about this phone is that it does not have full-screen photocall (like my old Nokia phone did) and it doesn't let me view photos as organized by folder from the mini SD card (just views them as if they were all in one huge folder unless you specifically save them to individual "albums" and then only view the album that contains the photo you want to view).
You can keep 4 contacts (with photo icons) on homescreen for quick calling, texting, etc.
