Functional, easy to follow manual, and does everything the write-up said it would do.
easy to use, clear picture easy on the eyes.
Clear phone call quality and easy to use Nokia OS.
It was very quick and easy trip to the cell phone store to setup.
She wanted a phone that was easy to answer and easy to hang up calls that didn't have an unlock code.
It has 3G tec, batery life is also good, menu is friendly and easy to work.
The OS is reliable, stable, very easy to use, and the battery life is pretty decent.
is an excellent choice if you are looking for a touch screen smart phone, I've had a phew touch screen phones in the past but this is the best one yet, the only thing that I wasn't 100% happy with is the camera is not a very good one when there is not much light, but the rest is fantastic, the different writing modes are the best, you won't even notice it's a touch screen, berceuse you can blast emails and SMS messages like with a keyboard cell phone.
Even so it's a great format, super fast and super easy to learn and use.
Great phone very easy to use simple I love it works well price is great to.
I like this phone, simple easy and handy.
It's a simple phone that is easy to use for phone calls and texting.
It was very easy to use.
This is all I'm looking for, an easy to use and great looking phone.
It's easyenough to mess-up and have to start over.
It's unlocked, and I'm outside the US, and it was quite easy, I just slip in the sim and it worked perfectly with the local network.
I have T-Mobile service and it was very easy to simply switch my SIM card to this phone from my old one.
So, since I am no fan of smart phones, and frankly there is no other rugged phone (with termometer, compass, flashlight, noise meter) that is available in Europe I was amazed to see the new 5140s on Amazon.
The full digital keyboard is easy to use with the stylus (a bit tough for those of us with fat fingers.
But is worth it cuz this phone is really fast and the apps from Microsoft and Lumia are wonderful.
Phone is very light, back cover opens nicely and easy.
Battery life is beyond excellent, and the phone runs very smooth on the most updated Windows 10 software (build 10.
Pro-screen is good sizefairly easy to use if you do not have eyesight issuesswitch out mini sim card for easy set up.
perfect, practical, easy to handle, good resolution, well packed.
This phone might have everything you need and one might get used to it after a while but it's definitly not very easy to use.
, lots of "bars"), it's easy to use, and it feels well made.
The phone is a touch phone that comes with a little stylus, which is lost easily but very cheap and easy to replace if you buy spares on eBay.
Love this phone was on time and easy to set up.
It takes photos, and records like a camcorder, this includes self timer, image sequence, brightness control, effects, whitness balance, and video share call16-There is a screen on the outside so you can see who is calling without opening the phoneAppearance1-Menu functions are easy to see.
The computer interface is easy.
Pros:--battery life--solid voice quality--quick and smooth operating system--good predictive texting--threaded text messages--simple mp3 player--flashlight--web browser so slow you'll never be tempted to use it--little 2mp camera good enough for quick, unimportant picsCons:--has web browser--buttons a bit small (though I have huge hands and don't really have a difficult time navigating the buttons)--can't delete apps from menu--AT&T about to take down 2g network, leaving only TMobile's.
It was really easy to put my SIM card in this phone, there's a slot right next to the memory card slot on the left side of the phone (instead of having it under the battery like in a lot of other phones).
The SIM tray is easy to use; because it is a tray, not a slot, I was able to insert the micro-SIM from my smartphone without any trouble.
It sounds good and it's easy to use.
Very easy to use, all the right functions.
It made dad happy and that's not easy to do.
A very good phone that is even easy to use.
The screen also seems to attract a large number of fingerprints as well, and for some reason is not all that easy to clean off.
Item isn't as described and seller is not an easy person to negotiate.
So far this phone is everything I expected; its easy to use, has a decent processor, stable software, good camera and lots of apps to download.
I heard that something like 20,000 apps were supposed to be released on launch day but there is no easy way to know how many are really out there.
2 mg camera and video that are fun to use, 8gb of micro SD storage and easy USB connection to your computer for uploading your favorite tunes, which you can use for your ringtones.
I won't lie though, as with other phones, I wouldn't spend much time 'browsing' the internet - only things like checking email (easy with yahoo or google so far) or checking the weather, or seeking out an app make sense to me at the moment.
The keypad is very well designed and easy to use.
This phone is great, light weight, easy to use, the camera is decent and it is very compact and fits in my pocket.
It won't fast focus or quickly adjust to changes in available light.
It is easy to use but I find it does not hold a charge as long as my old Nokia phone did.
The PRO's: Great resolution, camera and sound; integrated wi-fi; good memory capacityThe CON's: Poor capacity to arrange the menus as you wish; no easy use of the touch screen as Palm-like graffity.
She needed a keypad that was easy to look at, and for phone use only.
It was very easy for me to set this up with my contacts and plug into my (Windows) computer to install custom wallpapers and (MP3) ringtones.
5-Photographs look amazing very clear, perfect color balance, sharp clear details, no bluring or distortions6-Dialing numbers in a low light situation is made easy to deal with thanks to the great backlghting of the key board which is bright.
I thought the Microsoft device would be relatively user friendly, and easy to operate.
This Nokia phone is lightweight, has great call quality, and has a removable battery (something you don't find in smartphones these days), and a micro sd card slot.
The main issue is the lack of an LED flash and it is easy to turn it off by mistake when it is locked.
There are not many to choose from, this Nokia turned out to be a very nice phone gets great service and is easy to set up.
Well the nokia 5800 is a really nice phone, great price at amazon as always, a bit on the chubby side, but is very easy to use.
the phone is great if you need a easy to do phone i just wish it was a little smaller to fit in my pants pocket better but its a good phone.
phone works great, just wish there was a way to disable the PTT button on the side as it is easy to push when getting the phone out of a case.
Plus the screen cracked very easy after the phone was dropped from 3 feet.
it's easy to use phone.
I like that this is a simple phone (not a "smart" phone, has no touch screen, menus are easy to navigate) but has all the features I need in a phone.
Other phones have easy to read arrows for menu navigation.
I love this phone, its not that fast although its speed did not seem to decrease when several apps were opened but it has a good camera and takes decent photos in low light and good quality video with sufficient ambient light present.
2- Colors are attractive and easy on the eyes.
It has an easy-to-use menu to navigate to set up the phone.
This is good product, I'm happy to have a phone that meets my simple communication needs, is comfortable in my hand and easy to use.
The simplicity of this phone makes it easy to learn and pick up for anyone.
I have had to send mine in for service twice since I bought it, the first time for them to tighten the seams around when the phone locks and unlocks (it is a little switch that you push up to lock or unlock, which I find annoying and looks like it might break if you accidently push it too hard) which were coming loose, and the second time because my screen went black.
If you are looking for something easy to use and your main thing is the touchscreen maybe you should look for another phone.
This is a best seller for Nokia, therefore they will continue to give us better software updates to make it run even smoother.
Easy to use, easy to find , love the phone.
It's small, easy to use and stylish.
WhatsApp, Internet , app, radio, keyboard qwerty easy for use.
It is also fast, easy, and more technology.
This is my favorite phone, I love the flip design and easy too use.
Easy to clean, easy to use, very good function under tough job site conditions.
A bit of deception because finding applications to it is not as easy as for Android (this runs Symbian), but these do not make me think it is a bad choice.
The battery cover is easy to remove but I do it breaking if you're a power user with a spare battery and you want to constantly swap the batteries out with a fresh one.
Having been used to smart phones w/ touch screen, I surprised myself when I worked w/ it easily not having read the instructions to operate it.
Navigation's pretty simple and easy, unless you have banana shaped fingers.
Very convenient size and weight - easy to handle and fit in pocket.
Very user friendly & great for the individual who is looking for an easy to operate cell phone.
Nokia Xpress is a bit sucky but I downloaded an Opera browser for the phone and it works slightly better so internet experience is pretty easy.
It's light, beautiful and It is a really smartphone.
Looks and works as good as any smartphone on the market with Windows 10 near seamless integration across all Windows 10 OS devices and Microsoft cloud.
Second, the phone runs hot when browsing the internet and also using GPS actively (GPS when in flight mode).
works great, easy setup, no problem with sim card.
They were very patient, helpful and easy to talk to.
The screen is nice and the buttons are easy to press.
I am a very big guy with lands large even for my size and I find the full qwerty keyboard to be pretty easy to use.
Great specs and very easy to learn.
The update wasn't easy as the settings were all incorrect.
The phone feels so easy fitting in one hand.
Texting is easy, the display is great and easy to see.
When they returned the phone, I found out that their "repair" was to perform a hard reset and update the software once again.
Screen is bright and easy to read, sound quality is good and the performance is fast enough for the apps I use.
the virtual keyboard does not open to enter automatically and the camera takes nice pictures but does not open easily and you must go through several steps between shots to save the picture and take another.
It is easy to carry as a second phone.
Very easy to do.
Another thing is that it has good coverage and I can clearly hear all the calls, and is very easy to find any contact likewise have no problem to download music in the library and update.
So far it's been a great, easy to use phone.
text is crisp and easy to read.
A really nice phone, battery life is good for a smart phone, the screen resolution is very good the its light weight, the memory is also expandable with an sd micro card 4g network makes browsing excellent.
Calls are easy and call quality is great.
Expanding memory is easy with a phone slot on the side to max out to 16 GB.
After doing a software upgrade (which wasn't obvious) on the phone its hotmail email support is actually not bad.
Make sure you get the screen protector for it too though as is easy to scratch the big screen if your a male.
I find it easy to use the touch screen but you do need to apply some pressure - more than the iPhone, but it works great.
The apps, are wonderfull and easy to navigate.
Large storage space that is easy to interface with the PC.
Nice phone very easy and simple to use.
It is a basic phone with large numbers that are easy to use.
This is a great low cost cell phone, and it is really easy to use, small and lightweight.
In good sunlight the pictures actually come out pretty nice, otherwise they are awful but you can tweak them on Photoshop or other program.
The keypad lights up and is very easy to use.
She loves it and very easy for aged people to use.
Nokia is the brand that can be used in telephone, good price, excellent team, was a gift to my daughter and she liked it, easy to use and very affordable price, I recommend it.
)-maps application is not a good one-on-screen keyboard is painfulBottom line: good for someone who wants a compact easy to use phone without any advanced feature that smart-phones offer.
It's pretty easy to use for someone who has never had a touch screen before, and even has a help screen in every section plus tip video clips.
It's easy to use.
It is very light, easy to use, and delivers great call quality.
I got this phone for my wife and so far she really likes it, it is easy to use, stylish, has many features, very good reception (our provider is att) & the battery life is very good as well.
this is a compact, easy to use phone that does what it is supposed to.
Uploading and playing music is easy and intuitive.
Pros:- The set up was fairly easy and straight forward.
The 5800 is not too big and it is not too little, easy to navigate through shortcuts and menus.
The software is also minimalistic but pretty functional, with all functions required by such phone working perfectly and easy to set up (you have to do a little bit of typing setting up MMS/WEB gateway settings for AT&T network (visit AT&T's official forums, the Nokia section, to read about necessary settings), but if you don't need these functions everything else is pretty self-explanatory and don't require any "user manual" or Google searches to set up).
This is a semi smart phone because it has certain social networking apps so it can be useful for people who are new to the smartphone business or are light users.
You can buy the AT&T GO Phone for $55 and get the unlock code from AT&T for free (a simple google search will give you easy to follow instructions).
The best thing that you can push things to the SD card for easy exporting.
I've shot mostly indoors so far, and find that exposure ranges from unusable to good, grain is pretty bad in low lighting, but the flash is quite powerful.
Call quality is great and the interface is easy to figure out.
It is easy to set up.
ConsMenu button is not easy to use.
Okay but seriously I love this thing, I bought this to replace a ( Nokia C3 touch and Type ) which has unbelievably tiny keys This one however is for me the phone of my dreams it is very easy to use and for it's compact size is loaded with tons of functionsMeasurementsLength 7 inches.
Also, don't be concerned that this is an unlocked phone, its too easy to set up if you have an existing phone you are replacing.
Ok, the good: 1) It's compact and I love slider phones that cover up the keyboardAnd the bad: 1) It was a pain in the butt to figure out the configurations to get the mms to work, but that's part of getting an unlocked phone2) Every time I use the text to send to an email, the phone turns off and restarts3) The keyboard buttons are pretty flat & are close together so it's easy to hit the wrong button4) The camera quality is crap, but you can't really expect much from a phone like this5) The alarm feature worked like once.
That is easy to overcome, as far as Applications are concerned (you can override him with your voice), but I am yet to figure out how to change the preconceived notions, as far as "Contacts" are concerned - I cannot figure how to create a voice command to call my wife, unless I mimic the Finish guy's ideas as to how to pronounce a name.
In terms of actually using the phone, they're both easy to set up and easy to use.
plus:for the price has good featuresworks mostly finegood receptioncons:slow response timeno "alphabet" on dial pad view (hard to call for ex.
Very solid, and easy to customize all the tones and styles.
The build quality is just amazing, it feels solid like a brick except that it's easy light and nice to hold, it feels great in your hands.
Firmware updates for the 5800XM seem to come every few months and the system automatically reboots after but there is also a soft reboot and a hard reboot if needed.
I really like this cell, I at the beginning I had a couple of issues with it but I did an upgrade to the latest software version and everything started to work great, it is really fast browsing and downloading stuff, I will rate this product with an "EXCELLENT".
Though it was in Hong Kong English, it was easy enough to reset the phone without losing the app bundle it came with.
I've used this same model of phone before, it's not a smart phone but I like it because it's small and light.
It shines in daylight conditions able to capture great photos and widescreen videos of surprising quality.
It is a nice and easy phone.
It is easy to lock and unlock the phone manually.
It's very easy to use, nice and small and is GSM so works in Europe too.
Numbers easy to handle.
The phone I received was slightly different that the product photo.
This replaced an identical five-year-old ATT flipper so switching over was easy.
works for me, i don't need a phone that stands up and tap dances decent sound, once you get past the learning curve it is pretty easy.
No fancy features, practical and easy.
It is a phone very fast, it's OS is easy to use single for every one.
Too bad because I like the simple model, the screen is easy to read and I can carry it in my pocket.
] which was extremely easy, now I get notification when I get new emails and I dont need to go through the web.
The phone is great, & easy to figure out & use.
I also recommend installing all except critical software to the memory card - makes it easy to disable in case of any problems-- Nigel.
I would recommend a C2-01 over this phone as it is a better all around phone, but slower 3G speeds.
Double SIM support, fast and responsive, very nice looking and unbelivable light.
This phone was so easy for her to function and no complaints so far from her :) Phone works great.
The item served the purpose and it's easy to maneuver.
I'm a hardcore open source software user and wanted an unlocked smartphone which would be affordable and highly functional.
I had a flip phone, this makes texting easy , good price , too bad Windows Phones are not popular.
I eventually refused and explained to them that performing a hard reset and updating the software was not a solution.
The Nokia 5800 is lightweight and very easy to use.
Being mostly an android user, and before this being on iPhone 5, this phone was very easy to get used to.
I love this phone and have bought it several times over the years, as it's easy to use and has a lot of unexpected features.
, faster than i think for the price, take a few days learn use Windows phone, but is easy; apps run fast.
Excellent phone for easy handling, money well spent.
Also, there's no easy way to access voicemails.
This smartphone has everything required for a practical use of email, e-mail account wizards settings are very easily to use, and with the OVI suite you can have it all in one place.
Unlike a phone I had in the past with yellow backlighting that causes eye strain this has white light like a lamp making it easy to see.
- the numbers on the buttons and the screen are fairly easy to see.
A wonderful phone, easy to use with Windows and all the programs I need from Windows office.
The live tiles are easy to use and multi-task through.
They had me perform a hard reset and update the software on all 3 phones multiple times only to have the problems return after a few days.
1 OS is very easy to use, and has a rather large selection of apps in the Microsoft app store.
very easy to use, all the basic things i needed on a simple but trendy touchscreen phone is in this one.
+ intuitive interface super easy to use+good for a touch-screen beginner (hybrid between traditional and modern selective methods)+superfast camera+nice video quality+decent display+very light and compact, good design+comes with a pick for small objects on the screen (awesome)-not a very responsive touch-screen-image quality is sub-par-no flash ( are u serious.
- The menus are very easy to get used to, very well organized, and you can still change their order or create folders to your own preference.
very easy to open and shut quickly and small enough to easily keep in your pocket.
The touchscreen is smooth, both the touchscreen and soft keypad are very responsive.
it works fine, its easy to use, not too heavy.
The phone is fairly easy to use.
It has great features, easy access, and it works.
and very easy to use hand-free speaker.
Phone is very nice but not so easy to learn.
the sim changing part was very easy while on journey.
com has a fairly easy to read article explaining the differences between the two.
Small light, I hardly notice it in my pocket.
hearing people talking is easy, volume control is great and easy to adjust thanks to the volume up down key on the left side of the phone.
Product is very easy to use right out of the package.
Way too easy to press, then you have to wait for it to tell you there's no data service (if no dataplan).
Easy to use, easy to install new and cool applications like GPS maps and games.
It has tactile as well as visual feedback (the key you press enlarges and there is a slight vibration that you can turn off), making typing on the large QWERTY easy and the XM remembers where I use the large keyboard and automatically brings it up with the apps where I use it.
I expect that like many cameras, broad daylight will reveal its best performance, and my good photos so far are really good.
Moreover the scrolling is not easy.
Very simple and easy to use.
This was a little annoying but it was easy to choose the correct SIM Card after labeling them.
Nokia is a very easy to handle, the soft keyboard is not complicated.
It is just the right size and the rubber-like back makes it easy to hold on to.
It's a great smartphone and easy to use once you've played around with it.
It has the great sync software that syncs all your photos, videos, contacts, notes etc between phone and PC using Bluetooth, just switch on the PC and it does the sync automatically.
This phone is basic, easy to use, good size keys,good reception, and holds a charge for a few days.
I just wanted something small and easy to slip in my pocket, because my old E51 can only hold about an hour charge after 5+ years.
made my mom happy with this phone its so easy for her to use.
3 not easy to access the lists like phonebook.
It was so easy to set up, AT&T was very helpful with navigating me through everything.
In terms of a simple, easy to use flip phone, the 2720 does a good job, and these types of basic phones are becoming harder and harder to find.
The case is totally smooth, I could see dropping it very easily, although I would expect it to survive.
This cell phone is pretty easy to use for her.
Very easy use phone without data plan, good quality from nokia.
If you like to text and want a full keyboard (or the ability to handwrite using the stylus), keep documents on your phone, (bluetooth is quick and easy transfer back to computer), want to enjoy videos and music (with great sound), like surfing the web, want a GPS (with no need for a data plan), and are a techy-gadget person like myself who couldn't pass up the idea of having a touchscreen, this is an awesome choice.
super long battery life, clean live sound from speakers, easy to use display and on-screen keyboard.
7) Short cuts on main screen make it really easy to get to contacts you use a lot.
It is SO much easier to read and use than the "smart phones, and it easily slips into my purse.
The instruction book and default settings are for HONG KONG though easy enough to go through the setup and make changes.
Good ring tones, easy flip open.
It looks good, and is very easy to use.
My husband doesn't want to do the 'smartphone' thing and had always had an easy flip phone, so when he lost his he wanted one a lot like it.
It was easy to set up the speed dial that he likes to use and he really enjoys the phone.
Now that Microsoft has decided to shut down the Nokia smart phone division and cut down thousands of employees, the future support looks uncertain.
This phone is really easy to read, has good bright screen that seems to be scratch resistant so far.
The UI is not as easy to use as an iphone so prepare to read the manual.
- Touchscreen was responsive and pleasantly easy to use- Price/feature is good compared with other models- Battery life seems to be quite decentCons:- Even though I didn't install much additional applications(nightstand + Opera browser), it kept generating this error "memory card full.
The challange for Nokia will be to develop a operating system with plenty of apps that let's the user smoothly and easily take advantage of all that great hardware.
The only bad for this cel phone is that is no have wi-fi, but everything else is very good, is easy to use phone.
Also, the unlock code was really easy to find.
This phone is great as a phone (only as a phone), easy to use, great for contact detail, good battery life (3-4 days with minimal use, 1-3 with moderate)great sound for media/calls and acceptable Wifi.
It came loaded with easy to use software.
Fortunately, 2G is pretty easy to get.
I got this for my mom who has no clue how to use simple functions of a phone but this phone was pretty easy to set up for her and she liked using it.
it was small, easy to use and very useful for international travelling.
So easy to rearrange and resize tiles.
The phone was easy to use and I slotted both her Thailand GSM Simcard and purchased a GSM simcard from Walmart Mobile to use here stateside.
has almost everything you'd like to have in a smartphone, but they have changed slightly the interface so it's a little different from what you would expect from Nokia.
easy to use and kind of pretty (for the price)my mom is really happy.
I was looking for a simple, easy to use phone similar to the V195, because he's not tech savvy, and for him, the simpler, the better.
I'm again happy to have a phone that meets my simple communication needs, is comfortable in my hand and easy to use.
Phone is very nice, easy to use.
4) Forget about trying to take photos in less than perfect lighting- they will look grainy.
Very light phone good for Sameone who is not into smart phones.
Similar to my computer, easy to figure out, not expensive.
