It's a great device, faster and long battery life.
The positives, clear bright screen, fairly fast, Wifi, decent picture quality.
After i broke my focus I bought from att, I tried to save a little money buying from amazon, i bought my replacement from blutekusa, it came fast like they said and in a different box then at&t woulda came in, after two weeks i tried to plug it into the computer and it said device was malfunctioning, they sent me a new one as said, second came with no plug for the wall outlet charging and after two days it wont stop turning on and off.
PROS:It will charge fast.
Great product and fast delivery.
It's fast and app storage only limited by the size of the sd card.
It is, however, fast.
You will need to connect a fast charger to the base (instead of the phone).
The phone is great to hold, looks nice, works fast and smooth.
Alpha is much faster.
The camera is better, the processor is faster and I don't have the dead spots for service that I had with my iphone.
I liked the version Samsung China has wireless charger, 3 gb of ran, is fast I have no problem with it for the moment.
Good price, fast shipping and good communication with the seller.
The shipping of the phone was very fast and even earlier than expected.
Performance: 4/5It is fast enough.
It was affordable, fast, and I loved the big bright screen.
I had one that did not have the fast charge capability, so wanted to see if there would really be any difference.
I was really suprised at how fast i recieved this phone.
It performed fast enough for normal everyday use.
Works fast without lags.
Shipping was fast and the price was fair.
I really like this phone seems like it is made really good, I do not have AT&T as my sever I have devote30 for $30 a month unlimited and taxing ,and this phone works grate ,it is a perfect size phone not to big or to small, I like that fact that I can go to another server and use it as long as they take AT&T phones ,,I can here nice and clear,,I just like this red color ,its charges real fast and the battery lasted all day and that evening I was on the phone for over five hours calling everyone and giving out my new number before the battery went dead it did beep to let me know the battery was low, I have no regrets getting this phone thinking of getting another one just so I have it for the future,, in case I brake or lose this one,,I really like the different headset plug in its different then most it's long and flat plug but seems that it will not ware out like the other ones do,,you do need to order the right head sets for AT&T samsung a777,witch Amazon has at a cheep price, witch I did and it works grate or you can buy the adapter,witch I also did so I could use my more expensive head sets on it as well,I also bought the case for this phone and it is well wroth it,.
Returning it was fast and without any problems.
Phone arrived fast, packaged well and feels like a brand new phone.
This Phone is fast and works very smooth I'll give it that.
Pros: It's super fast, has a fingerprint scanner, takes an external sd card, can take your pulse, has a beautiful display, and was easy to set upCons: The menu buttons do different things than previous models which is still throwing me off, the auto brightness is way too dark in a dark room, there's still some bloatware that can't be disabled, and the ability to restrict app permissions was removedOverall I believe this was a great deal.
It's got great reception and is a very fast phone.
Otherwise it's a good price and a fast and snappy product.
But the one I received did not come with the Samsung adaptive fast charger to connect to this to power it up.
It is easy to get it set up on StraightTalk with the AT&T sim, takes some patience to set data set up but once it is on no more worry and it is fast.
This version of the flight 2 seems slicker and faster (slightly) than the used one I had before.
Even if it has 2010 hardware, the phone is pretty fast, does everything you need it to do, and does it in style.
functions are fast.
Amazingly smooth and quick especially after Mango update.
Nice and fast.
Delivery was very fast too.
very good price for and awesome condition with fast delivery.
If you are looking for: quality, reliability, a big high resolution screen, fast processor, long duration battery (really.
the phone is fast responsive.
Samsung B2100 Unlocked Quad-Band Phone, Extreme Anti-Shock, Waterproof, Built-in Flashlight, Bluetooth-International Warranty-Blackthis phone is great it give it to my son and I am super happy with the purchase you make because it was fast I recommend 100%.
Not blazing fast but I'm not in that big of a hurry.
This phone with a 1000mhz processor is super fast, I don't have to worry about killing apps, and the keyboard is fantastic.
Either way, the international (G850F) is the way to go, and it performs just at fast as the Galaxy S5.
It charges and stays charged much faster than the iPhone I previously had.
I was told this should not happen with this thpe of phone so fast, meaning one thing.
The back cover was a little hard to open but once I got it open and installed the battery and micro SD card it sealed up tight with no problems.
Shipping was fast, it was easy to activate and my wife is very happy.
it was in good condition little slow to much pictures and videos on it but got them out and now go fast thank you.
I'm no old fogee either, I'm a disabled 33 yr old so I don't live the fastest life, maybe the GPS in this thing can use a little work (I wouldn't be shocked though to hear it's just fine though lol), there's no flash or 'selfie' camera but boy howdie what it DOES do is just SPECTACULAR (give or take).
The fun is sleek and fast.
One of my fears is this button wearing out fast from having to use it so much.
Great phone my Mom loves it fast shipping.
Is this phone lightning fast.
Very fast, easy transaction.
Arrived fast and was reliable.
texting is easy and fast now.
The phone was delivered fast and was in great shape give or take a few scratches.
wp7is greater than i thought,it was faster and clean,i don't need to worry about rom or ram is not enough anymore.
as described, fast ship.
excellent, fast and sure.
Once the newest and hottest smartphone version hits the market, any remaining new stock of the previous version is discontinued or swiped up fast (particularly if the previous version is better than the newest).
Is very fast phone.
I got this phone knowing it was not the fastest or best on the market but hopefully a cost effective alternative.
Samsung's included charger is equally pathetic, comparing a similar capacity battery (~1500mAh) and charger from Palm, Sony-Ericsson, Motorala and RIM all of which charge much faster.
Pairs up fast and easy to my moto bluetooths.
Super fast charger.
Item came fast and was just as explained happy I got the phone, it came two days earlier than expected.
Still pretty fast for an older phone.
For the speed part this phone is fast, I purchased a 32gb memory card and I have had no problem at all, games are downloaded fast, I have 5 email accounts on it, instagram, facebook, twitter, you name it, I have it and works with no problem.
Great price and amazingly fast shipping.
All the applications run very fast and it works with the 4G (LTE) network, which is pretty much faster than the 3G network.
I think is the best way to charge you cellphone is so easy and Work fast I will recommend to everyone I never used the normal charge anymore.
Shipped very fast.
Like the S4, but faster.
Runs fast.
Item just as described, fast delivery and works great.
Nice phone, fast, excellent battery life.
It goes dead really fast.
When I first started using this phone I was impressed with its speed and its much faster than my old blu life 1x and which phone had 2gb.
Since i got it, it is fast and so easy to adapt to Windows Phone.
fast and accurate service.
The battery is stronger, longer lasting and recharges much faster than the Galaxy S3.
call quailty is better, I can hear the callers better, speaker phone is louder, its still pocketable, screen size is perfect, tad faster (1000mhz verse 600mhz), texting is easier due to larger keyboard, so I make less mistakes, love the address book, can add alot of info on each contact, 16gb of space AND you can add a transflash card.
Supports fast-charge also which is awesome.
the phone works great except it won't allow it to be used as a wifi hotspot on any network other than AT&T, i'm using it on Cricket's network that is owned by AT&T so i assumed that it would work like my old S3 did that was also on Crickets network but that was a UK unlocked phone that only had 3G not 4G LTE so i wanted a faster internet but i guess this wasn't the best way of doing it.
Pros: Cheap, fast, powerful, plenty of RAM and storage memory, 2nd SIM slot, can add additional storage via Micro SD, camer is excellent in well-lit environments.
Response speed fast.
Not noticeably faster than the HTC, but definitely faster than the iPhone; however, speed never bothered me with any of the phones, so what's the big deal with speed.
Phone delivered fast in new box.
I was really pleased with the price and the seller got it out super fast.
The phone works well and shipping was fast thanks to Amazon prime.
Looks nice, fast, expandable memory, the camera takes a decent picture and battery life is quite good.
Pros: Display is great and the processor is very fast.
I've got super fast 4g lte.
It charges much faster than any other wireless charger I have tried with my S7 which is great.
It could load a couple of things faster, but overall load speeds are quite decent.
If it is just a firmware problem, then they are shipping different versions of firmware and, with no support, it's hard to get knowledgeable answers.
I like how fast it is and it definitely doesn't seem like a 'older' smartphone.
I use this phone with pre paid straight talk and have no issue, phone works and so does the 4G and 4G LTE internet is blazing fast.
Works great with the Note 7 - charges super fast.
I was very pleasantly shocked by how smooth and fast and intuitive things are with this phone.
it plugs right in and works with yer regular fast charge wire charger tho and you do get "fast charge".
Battery lasts 2-4 days, texting couldn't be faster, starts up fast, never freezes, cheaply priced phone, etc.
The system is fast, responsive, and looks great.
First of all you have to have your phone sitting on it just right for it to charge and second of all it never actually charge my phone fast and it says it's a fast charger it takes me anywhere from three to five minutes to get my phone sitting on there just right for it even charge.
Cons, No removable battery, no physical "home" button (to easy for my fingers to press the home button when typing a space), rounded back makes it tough to use when laying on flat surface, battery drains a bit fast, camera suffers a bit in low-light.
browsing the internet on it is amazingly fast and doesnt crash back to the home screen a lot like the iphones have done to me so many times.
it works great and fast ty ty ty ty.
Its a really great phone and truly worth the money the processor is fast and hardly freezes or crashes.
Processor is pretty fast.
Other than that it very fast.
Didn't fast charge my S6 Edge but I like the style.
The charger got damaged pretty fast, I was surprised by this.
phone was shipped fast.
Is really fast and easy to use.
Whenever I get stucked on a waiting room or have time to spare and play candy crush (LOL) check my email constantly or use more internet troughout the day it will drain the battery faster but I can get to 6pm and it will tell me 15% battery remaining so this is a good thing.
iPhone's and HTC's keyboard work pretty much the same, both respond fast and the size of the letters are good enough to type without making many mistakes.
I love the fast charging.
Got my phone fast and in good condition with extras case sd card very happy thanks.
Elegant, beautiful, fast charging, works with 110 and 220 volts, looks great on any desk.
The call quality is great and response from the processor seems fast.
The processor is fast, turning it on and off takes about 30 seconds.
Arrived fast.
This phone was purchased for my wife, who made a transition from iphone to Android, and it's quite good as such:it's elegant, right size (not the huge screen of other current phones), fast.
pros-beautiful screen,capable of running chrome,take good pictures,the keyboard is comfy,fits in my pocket and fit my hands,plays really good videos and gamescons-no Bluetooth,came late,run down fast really quick,doesnt play 1080p videos.
Likes- 1-screen is fantastic; 2-web browser is extremely fast (I use my for product research in my historic art business, and am often trying to do quick artist searches in people's homes); 3-availability of Google apps that actually do something (rather than just the 'look at what my phone can do' apps that have no useful functions.
This causes the battery to drain really fast and the only way to stop the noise is to set it to vibrate.
Wow this phone is really fantastic, fast, slim, ligh.
i had some issues with it at first, and i'm a bit upset with the lack of apps, but all in all, it's a great phone, it's fast and very easy to use.
But yeah, drains battery faster if you use it for such a kind of stuff.
I wouldn't call the phone performance ultra fast but quick enough.
So after researching a lot I found this phone and at a better price than with my carrier so I purchased it, came really fast with my Prime Membership and worked right out of the box, the only thing I had to do was to take it to my carrier because my old phone uses a micro sim card and this is a nano so no problem they gave it to me right away and worked immediately.
This phone is fast, the screen looks amazing and the sound is pretty impressive for a cel phone.
Much faster than my S3 mini and the screen is much larger, which is very helpful for viewing the Waze gps app while driving.
I recommend this phone and the seller is responsible and fast delivery.
It's fast, responsive and the colors are vibrant.
Im happy I got it so fast, but my phone is not like the picture that I saw, why in picture there is samsung symbole on the back cover side, but my phone that I got there is AT&T symbole ,I dont like that so much, hopefully amazone can correct it, product and picture should be same.
This phone meets all my requirements as for what I really wanted , all the specs this phone has , on another device or OS would have costed me at least 50 dollars more , and this phone has a nice style and windows phone runs quick in this phone , with android it would be lagging , but it runs very smooth here , I made a good choice since I lasted some time b4 buying a phone , and I did many comparisons in gsmarena.
Very good phone, its very fast and it has a lot of features, like fingerprint scanner.
I recieved my phone rather fast was very excited about that but once i turned the phone on and started playing with it it would power off than would turn back on so i contacted the seller and he offered to send me a new battery I have emailed the seller a number of times sence than and have heard nothing from them the phone now will not turn on what so ever i am very upset with the product and more so with the seller I would not recommend this product nor the seller to anyone.
It is very fast.
Got it fast brand new,.
(Windows Phone 8 is latest)The phone is fast and call quality is clear.
Shipped fast, phone was in great shape and working order.
But other than that it's a really great phone very fast, snappy and responsive.
Its designs is very attractive, runs WiFi very fast, sound of speakers is great and loud, etc.
Pros:-bright super amoled 4 inch screen-gorilla glass-light weight-solid construction-fantastic OS, smooth, fast, and the most important thing for me, bueauuuutifly designed-great price-fully updated with mango 7.
fast and elegant.
For example, the internet seems fast, but I don't really use it even with wi-fi.
0v which apparently makes a big difference and could have been another reason why the fake battery got ruined fast.
I bought this phone used, through Amazon and it came faster than they said it would.
The phone did delivery fast, my major complaint is the battery life.
It still takes excellent quality photos, and the focus is lighting fast.
Con: battery drains fast.
its a blazing fast phone compared to the exynos version.
The Wifi works perfectly as well and it's pretty fast.
5 easilyand got a few apps that all work well and run fast.
It shipped must faster than I expected and I am very pleased with my new phone.
Excellent value, setup was simple, quick and easy, everything as advertised.
Best size and fast.
SPEED:Windows Phone 7 powered by the snapdragon 1GH processor is very fast.
Much bigger than my older non-fast charging wireless charger, but on the plus side -- the contact is made more easily and does not "disconnect" The device is always at 100% in the morning.
The screen responds incredible fast (compared to iPhone) and touch is very accurate (much better than I got in Touch Pro.
It is fast, so far has been able to handle everything I've thrown at it.
This is a good phone, is really fast and slim.
I purchased this phone, it got here pretty fast,but I was disappointed in how bad it sucked so I pawned it for $30.
web browsing is fast.
Amazon is excellent at aiding one in terms of returning a product, and is quite fast with a refund or credit.
i honestly thought it wasnt going to be all that great but delivery was fast and great packaging i will continue to purchase from here //thanks again guys.
Excellent phone: light-weight, small enough to put in a pocket even while in a sleeve, superb contrast in display, great battery life, sound quality, and fast processor.
Excellent battery life and seems very fast compared to the Rugby Pro that it replaced.
The phone has a large eyelet on the top of the phone which I attached a thin lanyard that I then fastened to medal ring attached to my kayak in case I accidentally drop the phone in the river.
Great phone and shipped fast.
Delivery was faster than expected.
The phone uses NAND memory, which is faster than many SD card based phones.
Nothing wrong with the company that sent it, they did a great job and it arrived fast.
