You see, I have AT&T as my cell phone provider and they will automatically charge you a data plan once their computers recognize that your SIM card is in a smartphone.
It was very quick and easy trip to the cell phone store to setup.
The Nokia 6350 is a good phone for individuals who do not want a smart phone.
I know I will be forced into a smart phone sooner rather than later, but I found I definitely like this phone better than anything else I can afford right now.
It's definitely not a smart phone.
not matter how hard the people at unlockedcellphonekings tried to help me, it was no use.
Great phone very easy to use simple I love it works well price is great to.
It's a simple phone that is easy to use for phone calls and texting.
The smart phone type features are easier and faster to use than any smart phone I have used.
Being upgradeable with its memory is a definite plus and you can even have many memory cards since it's hot swappeable, technically that is unlimited memory.
In terms of actually using the phone, they're both easy to set up and easy to use.
As a media device it features second to none audio quality (with good encoding and headphones it sounds incredible), and a truly amazing screen for photo viewing and video playback.
its ok is what i was looking for my dad very basic phone because he only use it to make phone calls no need an smart phone.
This is an excellent smartphone that my son is completely happy with after 3 weeks of use.
That person does not want or need any smartphone functionality, and for this purpose, this phone is a perfect replacement.
I recommend this phone to folks who are not interested in smart phone features.
Although not a "smart phone" this compact device is feature-packed with a camera for stills and video, a real music player, a real FM radio using your headset as its antenna, Bluetooth and USB, and data storage on a mini SD card.
So it should be listed as a smartphone.
As a first time smart phone user, this phone is perfect for me.
That immediately eliminates this phone as a smart phone.
Aditionally the phone often freezes and has an overheat problem.
The menus and organization is all over the place, probably because I'm used to smart phone, so it takes some familiarizing.
It is easy to use but I find it does not hold a charge as long as my old Nokia phone did.
There are not many to choose from, this Nokia turned out to be a very nice phone gets great service and is easy to set up.
Preface: This is not what would be considered a smartphone in the United States (Nothing on the par of Android, iPhone, or Windows Phone), it is basically a feature phone.
Haven't downloaded all the Nokia apps to check out all the functions this smartphone can do.
When they returned the phone, I found out that their "repair" was to perform a hard reset and update the software once again.
This is one of the zippiest and smoothest working Windows phones.
phone works great, just wish there was a way to disable the PTT button on the side as it is easy to push when getting the phone out of a case.
All the hardware shown in the description make the phone run smoothly in every action you make with it, the camera is fantastic and since the store doesn't have some of the official apps the community adds there own and work just fine.
The OS' store is it's only "downside"If you want the most customization and apps and are familiar with using smartphones get an android, as many techies prefer.
it's easy to use phone.
My major complaint is what appears to be a hardware issue with the phone that I've read about in other venues since experiencing it: the screen intermittently goes completely white and the phone will not respond to anything.
It has an easy-to-use menu to navigate to set up the phone.
The simplicity of this phone makes it easy to learn and pick up for anyone.
Battery life is amazing compared to my smartphone and I'm saving a ton of money each month by getting rid of the smartphone.
Some say it rivals the iPhone, and honestly, it does have more collective strengths as a smartphone than does the iphone in spite of its resistive and non-glass touch interface.
However, the functionality and the capability are hardly noticeable when comparing the two in day-by-day operations (excluding the camera, because the Nokia 808 is an incredible camera that lets you make phone calls and organize your life).
anybody in your family or friend can access you photos,videos,masseges etc there is not even a simple pasword securiy on phone.
Needed a non-smart phone to replace my mother's old phone.
Very user friendly & great for the individual who is looking for an easy to operate cell phone.
With the updates the phone functions a little smoother.
Nokia Xpress is a bit sucky but I downloaded an Opera browser for the phone and it works slightly better so internet experience is pretty easy.
I made that mistake when I bought a smartphone without knowing their policy and I was automatically put on a data plan for that month.
The phone itself is made out of this really nice and smooth premium plastic.
The phone feels so easy fitting in one hand.
Turn your phone into wifi hotspot (joikuspot)Dislike:1.
The internet works great on this phone and is fast in our experience.
I really really love this smartphone.
Sometimes miss amazing moments of photos of my kids because the phone freezes after taking a single picture.
Then I started doing heavy research to find a phone that would provide me with many of the same features as a smartphone but would not be recognized by AT&T as a smartphone.
This phone was so easy for her to function and no complaints so far from her :) Phone works great.
for a smart phone virgin.
The features are better than other basic phones and this phone is very fast.
He likes the phone, however, it can neither send nor receive photos via text message.
Good phone but after about a month the battery overheats constantly and phone starts acting wacky.
Texting is not bad but is hard as the buttons don't respond right away, or if you turn the phone horizontally its nearly impossible to text.
my 1st smart phone.
- In several occasions it has crashed, meaning that you hung-up a call and freezes, the solution is take the battery off and put it back.
As for the touch method, the iphone once again is kewler and smooth however the resistive touch screen is CLEARLY improved and does not hold you back.
I've used this same model of phone before, it's not a smart phone but I like it because it's small and light.
Now I am thinking of donating this phone to someone who does not use Google account on smart phone.
It has any feature you could want except wifi but this phone is NOT considered a smartphone by AT&T so you DO NOT HAVE TO PAY THE $30 DATA PLAN FEE and you can use the $10 per month unlimited data.
The camera is nice and delivers great photos, but when I am on a call and someone calls in via call-waiting, there isn't any tone or beep letting me know someone else is calling me.
At that point, I put my SIM back into my old Samsung and sent the smartphone back.
At first, with the 4S, I could access my photos from my windows computer, but then that feature went away during some "update.
I had a flip phone, this makes texting easy , good price , too bad Windows Phones are not popular.
I don't see this replacing my smartphone needs with work and such, however it has been a joy as a number two phone, ideal for those nights out when you are expecting a phone call/text and may want to hop on the web while waiting in line or whatnot.
This smartphone may surprise you.
For those who want a smart looking phone without all the razmataz features that require a PHD to learn, the Nokia 2720 is a good choice.
This smartphone has everything required for a practical use of email, e-mail account wizards settings are very easily to use, and with the OVI suite you can have it all in one place.
Unlike a phone I had in the past with yellow backlighting that causes eye strain this has white light like a lamp making it easy to see.
And with great relief, I tell you people that this Nokia 5800 Nam is an outstanding smartphone.
One of the best smartphone right now.
I recommend it to anyone who doesn't use a smart phone.
In short I chose this phone and adore it now due to its form-factor (not too big, not too small), its screen, its expandability and flexibility, its hardware features (GPS, Wifi, audio) and most of all, its competitive price/quality ratio.
I never owned a smartphone before, so I must say I love it.
great non-smartphone phone.
5G network)Free NavigationDecent EmailSound Quality/Call QualityNo Contract NeededComes with some pre-loaded AppsCONsSymbian OS can take a little time to learn - it is NOT difficult - it is LOGICALBattery could be better for a 1320mah BatterySmall Data CableOVI Store - Getting Better All The TimeOVI Maps iffy for POI'sNot the fastest phone/GUI out - but ample - even for a heavy userNO Wifi - But for it being so cheap you can't complain.
Firmware updates for the 5800XM seem to come every few months and the system automatically reboots after but there is also a soft reboot and a hard reboot if needed.
I'm not a fan of "smart" phones or phones with touch screen.
It is a phone very fast, it's OS is easy to use single for every one.
The most important for me is that it let me work smoothly in my Windows ecosystem: laptop, tablet phone, xbox.
-Sometimes the phone in landscape mode, when you want to scroll down or up for example in some setting, it is freaking hard.
It's a great smartphone and easy to use once you've played around with it.
I love music and photography, so this phone was MADE for me.
I am very satisfied with the speed of this smartphone.
I have had a series of "dumb phones" -- I do not want a smart phone, but this one isn't even dumb.
Compared to smart phones, this phone is pretty cheap at about $85 out-of-pocket, but since I am one frugal mama, that is still expensive to me, especially if it is going to crap out after only a year or two.
The first phone I received did't charge, but Amazon replaced extremely fast at no charge with a new phone that works great.
I'm gonna add a few photos of the cellphone, I hope it can help you to make a better choice.
You can put pics or an icon for people you call frequently (I think up to 5) on the start screen or set up a speed dial number.
In terms of a simple, easy to use flip phone, the 2720 does a good job, and these types of basic phones are becoming harder and harder to find.
Excelent smartphone.
This cell phone is pretty easy to use for her.
But she did not want smart phone.
An avid smartphone user for 6 years now, I bought this 301 this week to augment my Berry for those weekends and other times when I don't need the full pocket computer rolling.
Good ring tones, easy flip open.
Best feature, no MP3 conversion required, if you have lot of MP3 files on hard disk just drag and drop in few seconds, we can play, phone comes with 8GB of SD Card, can upgrade to 16 GB, that's more than enough, I had used the N95 earlier which costs double this price, this is not a NSeries phone from nokia, but it had all the features + touch screen of N series phone at half the price.
This phone is great as a phone (only as a phone), easy to use, great for contact detail, good battery life (3-4 days with minimal use, 1-3 with moderate)great sound for media/calls and acceptable Wifi.
"John Smith, Mobile"PROSExcepts up to 8GB microSD RAMSpeed dial number oriented (allows more than one speed-dial number per phone book entry)Works well with Bluetooth: Tested with Bluetooth Headsets Jawbone ICON and Plantronics Discovery 975FOIBLESBattery CoverAs with other evaluations, the back of this phone is (putting it mildly) DIFFICULT to remove once the battery is inserted.
Very light phone good for Sameone who is not into smart phones.
The phone worked well, it was very high quality for a feature phone, and had plenty of apps that made it border on the realm of a semi-smart phone.
The USB cable (Nokia model CA-101) from my old phone worked perfectly with this one to connect it to my computer and drag/drop files and photos onto this phone.
Find a free hot spot at a coffee shop and you can check your email, tweet, update your Facebook and make Skype calls back home.
Okay but seriously I love this thing, I bought this to replace a ( Nokia C3 touch and Type ) which has unbelievably tiny keys This one however is for me the phone of my dreams it is very easy to use and for it's compact size is loaded with tons of functionsMeasurementsLength 7 inches.
Every time my friends can't get through to make a call with their smart phones, it's my Nokia they want to borrow.
Another thing is that it has good coverage and I can clearly hear all the calls, and is very easy to find any contact likewise have no problem to download music in the library and update.
Battery life is beyond excellent, and the phone runs very smooth on the most updated Windows 10 software (build 10.
What's more is the variety of apps available for the phone, I can recommend a few that I have found quite useful: Photo Browser, Handy Shell, Paint Pad, Phone Torch, Opera Mini, AccuWeather, QuickOffice, GoogleMaps and Fring.
I wanted a reasonably priced smartphone that allowed access to the web, made phone calls, had gps, a decent camera, etc etc that was NOT an IPhone.
The phone is a touch phone that comes with a little stylus, which is lost easily but very cheap and easy to replace if you buy spares on eBay.
Hopefully someday I can get my mom on the smartphone bandwagon.
Over all I totally recommend this phone to anyone who doesn't like advanced touch screen phones or those smart phones, this phone is perfect for someone who just wants it for taking pictures and talking on the cell phone for constant communication.
I also like that I'm not locked into a data plan like with smartphones.
I spent over two hours on the phone with AT&T representatives, supervisors, tech level II people, and finally after trying everything, they concluded that this is a smartphone and needs a data plan.
The one inconvenience, as another reviewer pointed out, is the fact that there's no USB outlet or removable memory card on the 2720, so even though it takes photos, there's no simple, direct way to GET the photos from the phone to your computer.
A very good phone that is even easy to use.
I got this for my parents , my dad got my mom a smartphone and she is just not into it, she likes the regular no fuss kind, I found this on amazon and it was everything she needed, I really loved seeing her face when she got it and could actually make and receive calls.
This phone is great, light weight, easy to use, the camera is decent and it is very compact and fits in my pocket.
The PRO's: Great resolution, camera and sound; integrated wi-fi; good memory capacityThe CON's: Poor capacity to arrange the menus as you wish; no easy use of the touch screen as Palm-like graffity.
5-Photographs look amazing very clear, perfect color balance, sharp clear details, no bluring or distortions6-Dialing numbers in a low light situation is made easy to deal with thanks to the great backlghting of the key board which is bright.
Ok, the good: 1) It's compact and I love slider phones that cover up the keyboardAnd the bad: 1) It was a pain in the butt to figure out the configurations to get the mms to work, but that's part of getting an unlocked phone2) Every time I use the text to send to an email, the phone turns off and restarts3) The keyboard buttons are pretty flat & are close together so it's easy to hit the wrong button4) The camera quality is crap, but you can't really expect much from a phone like this5) The alarm feature worked like once.
I feel like such a 'cheater' using this phone (buying direct from Nokia means NOT being FORCED to buy a data or GPS plan from my carrier) that I really wonder if the Nokia approach of providing an open and unlocked experience can really compete against the nickel and dime wireless economy being pushed by apple, at&t, google, verizon, and others.
The Nokia5800 XPress is really an outdated smartphone for a high price.
I bought this phone thinking that it was one of the best phones but after three months it started to heat and the battery lost all his energy.
but AT&T told me that its considered a smartphone BECAUSE it has Wifi and a touch screen.
The phone is fairly easy to use.
Every single time they had a lame excuse like the wrong IMEI (had to send them the photo of the phone, even that didn't help).
My only real complaint about this phone is that it does not have full-screen photocall (like my old Nokia phone did) and it doesn't let me view photos as organized by folder from the mini SD card (just views them as if they were all in one huge folder unless you specifically save them to individual "albums" and then only view the album that contains the photo you want to view).
GREAT tough little backup phone to have around when your fragile smartphone breaks.
Other phones have easy to read arrows for menu navigation.
You can get about 1 day of battery life, less than what I get on my smartphone.
This is good product, I'm happy to have a phone that meets my simple communication needs, is comfortable in my hand and easy to use.
EDIT: Changed my rating from 1 star to 3 stars because this *does* work on T-Mobile, but only if you are in T-Mobile 2G coverage (900Mhz and 1800Mhz bands), which may not be the case even if you have LTE (smartphone) coverage.
I keep one around as a spare phone just in case one of our smartphones die unexpectedly.
Well the nokia 5800 is a really nice phone, great price at amazon as always, a bit on the chubby side, but is very easy to use.
I hated damn phone cuz it overheated, it went dead fast, I could barely hear people when I was talkin on the phone which pissed me off.
Did the job just perfect for my dad he isn't even gonna try ta get into the smartphone world, he's like does it have numbers I can push to dial, get it.
The 2720 screen is terrible, I can hardly make out anything that is on it and I dread the task of entering contact information.
What I really love is that, with this same hardware, an Android phone is lagging so bad and Windows Mobile (beta) and Windows Phone 8.
I wish that it would be sold in stores, however I'm a happy Amazon customer and this device seems to hit a nice medium between "dumb phone" and "smart phone" with sharp, near landline call quality and quick T9 typing.
I took it into a retailer and they were able to fix it so I could send photos, the only problem is that it can't download large photo images from smartphones (and that's what everyone sends photos with these days)BATTERY IS AMAZING.
It's pretty fast and fluid as well, and despite all you hear about the app gap I have pretty much everything I need on the phone.
is an excellent choice if you are looking for a touch screen smart phone, I've had a phew touch screen phones in the past but this is the best one yet, the only thing that I wasn't 100% happy with is the camera is not a very good one when there is not much light, but the rest is fantastic, the different writing modes are the best, you won't even notice it's a touch screen, berceuse you can blast emails and SMS messages like with a keyboard cell phone.
It's light, beautiful and It is a really smartphone.
Second, the phone runs hot when browsing the internet and also using GPS actively (GPS when in flight mode).
Ships fast and received fast even on standard shipping got the phone in 2days.
It's replacing my Nokia Lumia 520 which I have used for a few months now, but am starting to get tired of all the carriers fighting about smartphone plans and wanted to get myself out of that mess by ditching mine and going on the GoPhone feature phone plans.
It will text and call, but will not send or receive photos.
Screen is bright and easy to read, sound quality is good and the performance is fast enough for the apps I use.
It is easy to carry as a second phone.
So far it's been a great, easy to use phone.
Calls are easy and call quality is great.
I'm again happy to have a phone that meets my simple communication needs, is comfortable in my hand and easy to use.
This little phone is great, it does everything that a phone should do, is not a smart phone, but it does the job and I really like it.
When I did notice the phone getting hot, it did consume more battery life that usual.
Nice phone very easy and simple to use.
This is a great low cost cell phone, and it is really easy to use, small and lightweight.
I have been using the phone for several hours now without the unusual heating up that happened with the original purchase.
Learning curve - though not necessarily worse than other smartphones.
The software is also minimalistic but pretty functional, with all functions required by such phone working perfectly and easy to set up (you have to do a little bit of typing setting up MMS/WEB gateway settings for AT&T network (visit AT&T's official forums, the Nokia section, to read about necessary settings), but if you don't need these functions everything else is pretty self-explanatory and don't require any "user manual" or Google searches to set up).
Excellent Phone fulfilling every minimum requirement as a low cost smart phone.
It cost a third of what my smartphone was costing me and has most of the features.
A very smart phone now.
Because it's an unlocked phone, there were a handful of useful things I could that iphone users couldn't, like download an app that allowed me to take my 3G connection and make a WIFI hotspot.
Though it was in Hong Kong English, it was easy enough to reset the phone without losing the app bundle it came with.
You guys cheated both phones are locked.
This is the closest thing to a smartphone without actually being a smartphone.
Works great, good value if you aint tryna drop tons of money to get a smartphone.
I like my phone but some apps wont work the same like facebook and messenger you cannot watch live im a teenager so that's important but other than some apps camera works fine fast phone nice screen size beautiful hd viewing.
I'm a hardcore open source software user and wanted an unlocked smartphone which would be affordable and highly functional.
If you are looking for a simple and reliable cell phone without the complexity of a smart phone, I highly recommend this Nokia flip phone.
Oh well, it was time to join the smartphone generation anyway.
lately (though make no mistake, they are a world leader everywhere else, and innovative in their own right) and I fear that a switch to Meego and away from symbian will mean the general end of support for this kind of smart phone.
Bluetooth makes transfer of photos and music from you computer to phone a snap.
If you just want a "smart" type phone, and don't much care about having access to tons of apps,this'll do.
They had me perform a hard reset and update the software on all 3 phones multiple times only to have the problems return after a few days.
Hotmail ActiveSync -- Exchange implementation on this phone only partly supports hotmail activesync.
Does just about everything a smart phone does without the expense of adding a data plan.
I had a hard time figuring out how it works (with wifi).
works for me, i don't need a phone that stands up and tap dances decent sound, once you get past the learning curve it is pretty easy.
This Asha 302 phone is just that - all of the Symbian S40 simple goodness, with a much higher quality set of hardware.
My wife did NOT want a "smartphone" and this one works perfectly for her.
This is my second smart phone ever.
It's good feature compare to big screen smartphone that leak on charge.
You need to press much harder on the LCD so fat fingering is very common.
I purchased a few of these phones before I finally went to a smart phone.
I'm not what I call a picture taker by I find myself taking way more pictures than my last two smartphones.
That being said, it is probably the best non-smartphone that you can find that will not cost you an automatic data plan charge on your bill.
made my mom happy with this phone its so easy for her to use.
Desde todo punto de vista este smartphone sirve tanto a jovenes como a ejecutivos.
I bought this phone for my husband because it seemed like the best alternative to an iPhone and similar touchscreen smartphones without the issue of having to pay the ridiculous "Smartphone Plan" fee.
This phone is good when you have a wifi hotspot at your home and work place.
If you like to text and want a full keyboard (or the ability to handwrite using the stylus), keep documents on your phone, (bluetooth is quick and easy transfer back to computer), want to enjoy videos and music (with great sound), like surfing the web, want a GPS (with no need for a data plan), and are a techy-gadget person like myself who couldn't pass up the idea of having a touchscreen, this is an awesome choice.
It helps that I never use any smart phone features because they're such a PITA.
Just like me she had a hard time using the touch screen, this phone is perfect.
sound quality is good, but the reason i gave it a 4 and not a five is that its hard to text from.
It is a basic phone with large numbers that are easy to use.
I used as my 2nd telephoneSummary:Pros:+ nice 4" screen same iphone 6+ good response speed in functions+ Most of the needed apps available (watsap, skype, tunein, twitter, etc, )+ with w8.
The phone is great, brought to Brazil, the best camera I had, and overall system is way faster then my old 640xl.
I got this for my mom who has no clue how to use simple functions of a phone but this phone was pretty easy to set up for her and she liked using it.
I use it when i don't want to be distracted with the smart phone.
I use Office 365 on my 4 computers and 3 smartphones.
I can dial a call in way less time than my touchscreen smartphone.
My husband and kids gave the phone for mothers day as a gift I love the camera and how fast it is.
Clear phone call quality and easy to use Nokia OS.
She wanted a phone that was easy to answer and easy to hang up calls that didn't have an unlock code.
Ever since I have used smart phones, nokia and symbian s60 has been my favorites, my last two phones being the n95-3 and the e71.
And this phone is blazing fast.
I had to do a hard reset on this phone THREE TIMES within the span of two weeks.
And this phone does that function flawlessly as well as letting me access the internet either via hot spots or through AT&T's 3.
It is not a smartphone, but I did not want to have to pay hefty monthly fees for a smartphone.
But is worth it cuz this phone is really fast and the apps from Microsoft and Lumia are wonderful.
In other words, a good feature phone with smartphone features without the touch screen.
It's got everything you want from a smartphone.
It's just something to consider if you are looking at this as an international travel phone and a fast data connection is important to you.
This phone might have everything you need and one might get used to it after a while but it's definitly not very easy to use.
Es un celular de gama baja que hace su trabajo dando además algunas características propias de los smartphones.
It takes photos, and records like a camcorder, this includes self timer, image sequence, brightness control, effects, whitness balance, and video share call16-There is a screen on the outside so you can see who is calling without opening the phoneAppearance1-Menu functions are easy to see.
I have I very good review for the Milestone, but this another was a gift (for someone that cannot use a smartphone)But this just start the logo and then goes out.
I have used lots of different phones, from the basic Razr flip phone through several different Windows Mobile & Blackberry smart phones, and even the greatly over-hyped iPhone, and this is by far my favorite phone.
The SIM tray is easy to use; because it is a tray, not a slot, I was able to insert the micro-SIM from my smartphone without any trouble.
It sounds good and it's easy to use.
So far this phone is everything I expected; its easy to use, has a decent processor, stable software, good camera and lots of apps to download.
OVI Suite crashes, Windows closes it, and my phone is now a paper weight.
I won't lie though, as with other phones, I wouldn't spend much time 'browsing' the internet - only things like checking email (easy with yahoo or google so far) or checking the weather, or seeking out an app make sense to me at the moment.
And the touchscreen is a bit hard to use with the fingers like touching an iPhone (I have an iPod Touch so I was waffling between this phone and the iPhone).
Great no complaints, nice and smooth workig phone, box was opend, this was done so they can unlock the phone for you, seller explained this in discription.
This Nokia phone is lightweight, has great call quality, and has a removable battery (something you don't find in smartphones these days), and a micro sd card slot.
The phone does not have a vibrate function and had a hard time keeping signal.
If you want to use it as a second phone or hotspot you're good to go.
If you are looking for something easy to use and your main thing is the touchscreen maybe you should look for another phone.
This is my first smartphone and i'm very happy with it.
If you are expecting this to be a smartphone, you will be thoroughly disappointed.
Good functional phone at a great price for anyone who does not want or need a smart phone AND no 2 yr contract.
I got six movies (both hi-def and mobile versions) for this price and they all fit on the 8 Gigs of hot-swappable storage that comes with the phone.
My first time using a smart phone.
All-in-all this is a great back-up phone or perfect for folks that don't need or want a smartphone.
I wonder if the phone is a prefab or if the chip is overclocked (inferior chip running faster than advised) to save on money.
The built-in camera works well for its intended function - obviously not as good as similar cameras on smartphones but better than majority of cameras on other non-smartphones.
The Nokia 5800 is a good phone but has its downsides:Pros:- Touch screen is responsive- The full keyboard is spacious- Has a stylus but isn't really needed- Feels sturdy- Comes with 8GB of storage- Decent camera for a cell phone,- Internet browsing is decent- Comes with Wifi and Bluetooth- Good music player/radioCons:- The memory card is very hard to remove.
This is my favorite phone, I love the flip design and easy too use.
Is one of the cheapest middle-high-range touchscreen smartphones.
This is a great phone if you hate the complexity and frustration of a "smart" phone.
This phone is incompatible with MMS messaging, which your friends with smartphones may use from time to time.
Looks and works as good as any smartphone on the market with Windows 10 near seamless integration across all Windows 10 OS devices and Microsoft cloud.
"Aka smart-phones".
Love this phone was on time and easy to set up.
I love this phone and have bought it several times over the years, as it's easy to use and has a lot of unexpected features.
Phone is unlocked, highly recommend the Nokia 220 for people who do not need a humongous, bloated, battery sipping and expensive smart phone.
Let me start by saying I hate smart phones.
Pretty old style and hardly anything to modify (you can use your own ring and message tone), but therefore you have a phone that will be fast no matter what and can use WiFi.
For my purposes, mostly music, appointments and alarms, and the phone, it is stable with just 1 exception when the battery overheated while I was talking on the phone and connected to my Wi-Fi.
The 5800 XM runs on Symbian S60 v5, a true multi-tasking smart phone OS.
Nokia is the brand that can be used in telephone, good price, excellent team, was a gift to my daughter and she liked it, easy to use and very affordable price, I recommend it.
After doing a software upgrade (which wasn't obvious) on the phone its hotmail email support is actually not bad.
This is the best phone you can get if you're looking for functionality, but don't want to throw hundreds of dollars at a smartphone with a data plan.
All in all I would recommend this phone and vendor highly if you want the features of a smart phone but you don't need GPS or a big data bill every month for a bunch of things you don't need or want to keep you life running smoothly.
This phone arrived fast fast great company.
I bought this phone largely because of the GPS, happy that I could get a GPS "smartphone" that doesn't require a contract.
A really nice phone, battery life is good for a smart phone, the screen resolution is very good the its light weight, the memory is also expandable with an sd micro card 4g network makes browsing excellent.
)-maps application is not a good one-on-screen keyboard is painfulBottom line: good for someone who wants a compact easy to use phone without any advanced feature that smart-phones offer.
It is very light, easy to use, and delivers great call quality.
Unlike most smartphone map applications, it does not require data in order to run.
too bad Nokia didn't continue develop better smart phone.
Compare this phone to other feature phones, not smartphones and I think you will be very happy with your purchase.
This was a great choice and I recommend it to anyone who wants a smart phone.
the only drawback for him is that he's a bit hard of hearing and the volume is at it's highest and he still thinks it's a bit too low.
If you don't want a smart phone this is a good choice, and many are available at a good price.
Also, don't be concerned that this is an unlocked phone, its too easy to set up if you have an existing phone you are replacing.
very nice to use a wonderful semi-smart phone.
And the buyer should be aware; this is NOT a smartphone.
I was looking for a smart phone without a contract that doesnt cost an arm or a leg.
I might have been better off with an older high-end feature phone - one developed before smart phones took over the market.
I might be missing something but it appears that this phone doesn't support LTE speeds.
Decent battery life (several days even after making multiple calls)You won't ever be caught ignoring your kids staring at a smart phone all day.
It has all the features you would want in a phone -- excellent camera, super-fast GPS and mapping features, very large storage capacity, etc.
Bought this for my dad who has no interest in a smart phone or anything fancy.
It was easy to set up the speed dial that he likes to use and he really enjoys the phone.
Web browsing works well although not as smooth as the Iphone5.
The phone I received was slightly different that the product photo.
Also the volume on the side of the phone is a little inconvenient as I am hard of hearing and sometimes I hit the button and the volume is lowered by mistake.
Best of the non smart phones.
Still working but I just bought smart phone to able to use better searching.
Well, it's really just a "feature" phone (aka dumb phone) posing as a smart phone.
As far as non smart phones go this one was pretty neat, good ringtones and what not.
I would recommend a C2-01 over this phone as it is a better all around phone, but slower 3G speeds.
Source (Thanks to Nigel):I have a nokia N80 smartphone with the latest firmware (v5).
I bought this because AT&T is raising smartphone prices to unfair levels.
The phone has great features and is perfect for someone who doesn't want a smartphone.
I was looking for a simple, easy to use phone similar to the V195, because he's not tech savvy, and for him, the simpler, the better.
)It is fast smooth and certainly feels like a great phone.
Being mostly an android user, and before this being on iPhone 5, this phone was very easy to get used to.
, faster than i think for the price, take a few days learn use Windows phone, but is easy; apps run fast.
Excellent phone for easy handling, money well spent.
Bought this as an alternative to a smart phone and data plan.
super long battery life, clean live sound from speakers, easy to use display and on-screen keyboard.
I dropped it face down on the table, but my Nokia smartphone has been dropped many times and has yet to be damaged.
very easy to use, all the basic things i needed on a simple but trendy touchscreen phone is in this one.
Now this is meant to be my back up phone but with excellent battery life decent camera and fast performance it has become my main phone atleast until the Lumia 950 is released this is priced below its value you point.
It would make a great hot spare if you have to have your 600 dollar whatever phone serviced or lost.
high hardware at low cost+ same configuration screens as our Windows pc's (for a telephone)+ Accept W10 Mobile+ Good recepetion, speed, functionsCons:- With W10 not working sync with icloud anymore- some not common apps no available (i.
Regarding the phone itself, it's a decent inexpensive smart phone.
I have seen many sites that try to compare this feature phone to smartphones and that would be a mistake.
It has tactile as well as visual feedback (the key you press enlarges and there is a slight vibration that you can turn off), making typing on the large QWERTY easy and the XM remembers where I use the large keyboard and automatically brings it up with the apps where I use it.
got it for my mother, who is not a fun of smart phone and finds it too complicated to use.
This phone is basic, easy to use, good size keys,good reception, and holds a charge for a few days.
All in all, when I got the GPS working the way I wanted, I fell in love with this little phone - it is a true powerhouse for the price, and if it lasts, I expect it will be remembered as my first great smartphone.
Very easy use phone without data plan, good quality from nokia.
I bought this phone as a Christmas present for myself because I wanted something a bit more advanced than the Nokia C2 I purchased from Amazon in 2012, but didn't want to go all the way with a smartphone.
I travel a bit and basic phone Wifi is great to check emails and facebook at free hotspots.
it feels very clunky but since i've never so much as touched another smartphone, i have nothing to compare it to.
but still, lasts way longer than the new smartphones' batteries.
I bought this phone for the advantages to NOT owning a smartphone: longer battery life, higher durability, lower cost, but still good at accomplishing what it needs to.
has almost everything you'd like to have in a smartphone, but they have changed slightly the interface so it's a little different from what you would expect from Nokia.
It has decent processing power, a nice big screen, and a great battery life for a smartphone (3 days.
The camera is decent, seems to take better photos than my old phone did and the camera has more settings than the camera on the 5310 did.
But if you are new (as i was to smartphones) this one can do many tricks.
Very good phone for everybody who doesn't want or need a smart phone.
I've never had a smart phone, so can't compare the sound quality to a high-end phone.
I like this phone, simple easy and handy.
My provider said the identification number labeled it a smart phone which it was not.
i spent a week online trying to figure out which smartphone i should buy.
This is all I'm looking for, an easy to use and great looking phone.
The phone heats up so much after five minutes of conversation that it's hard to hold.
(you will have a hard time with 1-800-CAL-WHAT)iPhone killer: (differences with the iphone)Better CameraBetter Music playersturdierBetter upgrading optionsLower costBetter browserMature OS (with Flash)Support for A2DP bluettoth (clear sound in bluetooth headphones)Better screen ResolutionMore touchscreen inputs (like stylus and handwriting)2 cameras and support for video calls.
I have T-Mobile service and it was very easy to simply switch my SIM card to this phone from my old one.
So, since I am no fan of smart phones, and frankly there is no other rugged phone (with termometer, compass, flashlight, noise meter) that is available in Europe I was amazed to see the new 5140s on Amazon.
That also makes receiving group messages nearly impossible, as most smartphones send group messages as MMS instead of SMS.
Its a good phone but texting is hard since your using a 10 key phone pad.
Small things about this phone began to irritate me, like there is no way to turn the ringer off that I could find, so it could not go to the theater or church with me.
-A lot off apps in Ovi Store-The phone is fast, even with the 16gb microSD.
I'm an older person and perhaps just don't catch on as fast as younger people, but thought I would do better with a phone which was more "computer oriented.
i've never used a smartphone before and would have normally tried a few models.
I highly recommend this phone for anybody that doesn't want a smart phone but just wants a good, solid, reliable phone for calls and texting.
All in all iphone is far superior hardware (and so it thrice as expensive unlocked) but your Nokia 5800 XM won't let you down.
I'm afraid of plastic phone, but I'm impressed with this phone-Very fast 3G-Mail for Exchange.
2 mg camera and video that are fun to use, 8gb of micro SD storage and easy USB connection to your computer for uploading your favorite tunes, which you can use for your ringtones.
The battery life is pretty good for a smart phone.
Recommend purchase of this phone for the older generation that do not want a smartphone.
It was really easy to put my SIM card in this phone, there's a slot right next to the memory card slot on the left side of the phone (instead of having it under the battery like in a lot of other phones).
She needed a keypad that was easy to look at, and for phone use only.
It was very easy for me to set this up with my contacts and plug into my (Windows) computer to install custom wallpapers and (MP3) ringtones.
If you want an internet device, go with the higher end smart phones (iPhone, Blackberry, Droid, etc).
0 A Male to Micro B" for this phone and it is very nice quality cord that worked perfectly with this model of phone so I could transfer MP3s and photos and such between the phone and my Windows 7 computer.
This phone crashed all the time.
the phone is great if you need a easy to do phone i just wish it was a little smaller to fit in my pants pocket better but its a good phone.
Plus the screen cracked very easy after the phone was dropped from 3 feet.
I like that this is a simple phone (not a "smart" phone, has no touch screen, menus are easy to navigate) but has all the features I need in a phone.
This is NOT a smartphone (despite what Nokia tries to put on their website).
Not a major overhaul on the operating system basically everything looks the same as previous nokia smart phones, the camera, video, and music interfaces could have made better use of finger controls in my opinion.
The phone is great, & easy to figure out & use.
I have had to send mine in for service twice since I bought it, the first time for them to tighten the seams around when the phone locks and unlocks (it is a little switch that you push up to lock or unlock, which I find annoying and looks like it might break if you accidently push it too hard) which were coming loose, and the second time because my screen went black.
Easy to use, easy to find , love the phone.
My husband likes his Nokia Cell, however something is wrong with the battery and its off by itself every five to ten second and its hard to figure it out what's happening because no manual booklet came with the phone.
For the price of around $110, it is an unlocked feature (gsm/3g) phone well worth considering, as long as one knows that one is getting a non-smart phone and that apps for S40 is very limited.
Having been used to smart phones w/ touch screen, I surprised myself when I worked w/ it easily not having read the instructions to operate it.
It comes with lot of add on and Its not too big like iPhone and not too small, exactly made for using with single hand and I had replaced the blackberry phone used for Office with this and configured my Office outlook exchange server along with Gmail, hotmail and yahoo, how cool is that.
I won't lie - while I find the features of today's smart phones finally starting to live up to the hype, I am just unwilling to pay 100 dollars a month for all the service and contract craziness that comes with it.
I just wanted to get her a simple phone to make and receive calls and it is so hard to find flip phones for the "older" generation to use.
Not a bad phone when your not into smart phones.
Overall this is a must buy for those people that want a smart phone with out changing your plan.
It's a low-end cell does its job well giving some characteristics of smartphones.
Overall it is one of the best non-smartphone models I have ever had pleasure dealing with and I highly recommend it if all you need is to make calls and maybe occasionally send/receive a SMS/MMS message.
The only issue I found is battery, if you surf internet, use bluetooth and gps all day your battery will die before before the day ends, but not big deal because all smart phones with same characteristics has same issue.
You can keep 4 contacts (with photo icons) on homescreen for quick calling, texting, etc.
I downgraded because the smart phone is such a hog of time.
the virtual keyboard does not open to enter automatically and the camera takes nice pictures but does not open easily and you must go through several steps between shots to save the picture and take another.
Just not the smart phone price.
Expanding memory is easy with a phone slot on the side to max out to 16 GB.
I purchased this flip phone for my husband who refuses to use a smart phone.
3 megapixel cellphone camera since I already have a Canon PowerShot SX210IS 14.
I got this phone for my wife and so far she really likes it, it is easy to use, stylish, has many features, very good reception (our provider is att) & the battery life is very good as well.
this is a compact, easy to use phone that does what it is supposed to.
With the ability to quickly swap out the SIM from my Berry to this 301, I've got a fun and useful duo for the same price as compared to upgrading to popular 32 GB models of other smartphones, while using the latest iterations of some longtime players in this still, relatively new field.
I just use this as an awesome pay-as-you-go "Voice Phone" to supplement my work-supplied smartphone with unlimited voice/internet.
Nothing like a smartphone today though.
Perfect for what I want it for the basics yet still it looks and works like one of the more expensive smartphones.
This is a semi smart phone because it has certain social networking apps so it can be useful for people who are new to the smartphone business or are light users.
This is a really good phone for all of those people looking for a cheaper option for a good touchscreen smartphone.
The Nokia's speed dial (unlike the LG LG230 Dimson) is able to assign different phone numbers belonging to the same person (e.
That is easy to overcome, as far as Applications are concerned (you can override him with your voice), but I am yet to figure out how to change the preconceived notions, as far as "Contacts" are concerned - I cannot figure how to create a voice command to call my wife, unless I mimic the Finish guy's ideas as to how to pronounce a name.
For the price I think this is a very good smartphone if your lucky enough to get a good one.
The phone was delivered on time and is perfect to people who don't want to take the step into a smartphone.
plus:for the price has good featuresworks mostly finegood receptioncons:slow response timeno "alphabet" on dial pad view (hard to call for ex.
I have no idea what this particular inlet model is called but I took a picture of it and will post it in the product photos.
I had to perform a hard reset and remove the memory card in order to have the phone boot up properly.
It is a nice and easy phone.
It is easy to lock and unlock the phone manually.
For a first "smart phone" it's okay.
I've tried a couple of my brother's phones and his are harder to control with scrolling, swiping, and accidently clicking things.
I'm not technologically illiterate by any stretch, but I didn't like how smartphones kept me plugged into everything 24/7.
My daughter does use all those other features, and they all seem to work OK, but what good is a smart phone that can do everything but text.
Recommend for anyone needing a smartphone like device at a budget price, since it still has web browser, whatsapp, internet radio, angry birds, etc.
I would recommend it to anyone looking for a value-for-money smartphone.
What I need is a smart phone with a real GPS, instead of A-GPS that requires a data plan (most of US data plans become horribly expensive in Europe).
He's not into smart phones so I thought this'd be a good purchase.
This is really good for traveling and if you work challenge jobs, so you don't need to fiddle through menus and apps like a smart phone.
A wonderful phone, easy to use with Windows and all the programs I need from Windows office.
I love this phone, its not that fast although its speed did not seem to decrease when several apps were opened but it has a good camera and takes decent photos in low light and good quality video with sufficient ambient light present.
Speakerphone very good, yes OVI is a nightmare but overall a good quailty and fun phone, touch screen is a little hard but not bad.
I am not an expert smart phone user.
The phone was easy to use and I slotted both her Thailand GSM Simcard and purchased a GSM simcard from Walmart Mobile to use here stateside.
I recently bought a Samsung Rugged II to replace this while I duke it out with AT&T whether this phone is "smart" of not, and feel like I am poised to lose the battle.
If you're looking for anything like a smartphone, you will be disappointed.
It is a great deal for someone who wants to have a decent smartphone.
hearing people talking is easy, volume control is great and easy to adjust thanks to the volume up down key on the left side of the phone.
2 MP)-Wi-Fi-Pin Code Lock-Internet Radio-Data ManagementCONS:-Pain To Set Up-No front camera-Not many apps-Only A 2GB SD Card-No Brightness Control-Small Screen-Non-Removable BloatwareI would reccomend this to someone who is willing to sacrifice some smartphone luxuries without sacrificing them all to save a lot of cash.
If not into smartphones there is no finer product if you want a flawless phone and quick to the point messaging.
The screen is sharper, processor faster, phone takes nice clear pictures that are pretty much good enough, the ring and alert tones are more discreet and professional.
This phone is really easy to read, has good bright screen that seems to be scratch resistant so far.
Where else can you get one of the best smart phones for the price.
It has the great sync software that syncs all your photos, videos, contacts, notes etc between phone and PC using Bluetooth, just switch on the PC and it does the sync automatically.
I wanted a cheap a nonsmart phone, and this phone works.
As somewhat of a tech-head with an eye for detail and quality, I had searched widely to find a smartphone that offered the best blend of features and quality without breaking the bank.
]) is available for free, it connects yahoo, hotmail, AOL, Gtalk and Skype users all in one place and we can even make voice calls to online users.
Save the money and get a smartphone of a newer generation or keep the old cell phone and get an iPod touch.
3 not easy to access the lists like phonebook.
It has basic apps you would need from a smart phone (No you cant play clash of clans, No it does not have 1 kazillion apps like android does), but I dont use a lot of apps either.
Not all the features found on modern smart phones but it does the job and well.
It is SO much easier to read and use than the "smart phones, and it easily slips into my purse.
Basically everything I was able to do with my smartphone, without the bells and whistles.
My husband doesn't want to do the 'smartphone' thing and had always had an easy flip phone, so when he lost his he wanted one a lot like it.
Now that Microsoft has decided to shut down the Nokia smart phone division and cut down thousands of employees, the future support looks uncertain.
The UI is not as easy to use as an iphone so prepare to read the manual.
The only bad for this cel phone is that is no have wi-fi, but everything else is very good, is easy to use phone.
Alot of features are kinda hard to access so you have to read to find out, you cant just pick up the phone and know.
My mom really wanted to get a smartphone.
It is not a smartphone but it has a very good browser with excellent wifi access, internet radio etc and it does an excellent job in features that I usually use in my Sony Xperia ion smartphone with a price much less than a classic smartphone.
A prior reviewer said it is to hard to make a call, but I do not find that to be the case.
After breaking my smartphone I bought this as a backup,.
It will be hard to go back to regular digital cameras after using the camera on this phone.
