Also, unlike later “smartphones,” your access to the Internet is strictly through your cellular service (in my case Consumer Cellular); there is no Wi-Fi capability for charge-free access at home or any “hot spots” on the road.
All in all great for anyone starting smart phones.
The positives, clear bright screen, fairly fast, Wifi, decent picture quality.
As a long time smart phone owner (original iPhone, iPhone 3GS, Moto Droid for 1 month and Nexus One for 8 months), I was very excited to get my Samsung Captive.
I bought this phone at first for me and love it, then I bought it for my family members and we all using it - it has evrerything that smartphone needs and the price is not hight; it works perfect.
This is my first smart phone and although I was spoiled with my simple flip phone, I am learning to love the many features.
A good, unlocked smartphone that meets all and more that I need to stay connected.
This is not a smart phone, this is a wanabe smart phone, and it failed miserably.
relatively cheap smart phone 2.
This phone sucks Its a basic smart phone for beginners I hate it you cant do really anything on it but like talk and text if you try to download an App it takes like an hour to download and to go online its super slow picture quality is horrible and there is no flash on camera I would never recommend this phone to anyone unless its for a child.
This Samsung has the same powerful performance of the expensive smartphones at a very attractive price.
I would recommend this to anyone with a GSM carrier that wants a great up to date smartphone.
We have android based smart phone and Kindle Fire, so I want something slightly different.
It was affordable, fast, and I loved the big bright screen.
Otherwise it's a good price and a fast and snappy product.
Bought this for hubby because he just needs a phone to call & text, not a smartphone.
Love it , the battery life lasts longer than my smart phone.
This is our first smartphone.
, not smart), and you want a qwerty keyboard to do your texting on, this is a great phone.
I have for years been very reluctant to get any type of cell phone and especially a "smart phone" mainly because I wasn't smart enough or "tech-savvy" enough to know how to use one properly.
Husband very happy with this new flip phone, HATED his "smart" phone.
If you are a senior and want a "smart phone" there are better options & you can get 5Star without it.
So, yeah, just a good, solid phone to welcome a parent into the smart technology era.
my first smart phone.
I originally was using the Samsung S2 Galaxy for Sprint and wanted to return back to the Samsung EPIC 4G for Sprint because I really missed the keyboard, I really liked the smaller compact size of the phone, and I still needed some of the basic functions of a smart phone (i.
My primary concern with this kind of purchase, as is demonstrated in some reviews with such products, is whether this previous generation of smartphone is truly new and authentic.
I order this phone for my mother who needs smartphone with very basic function, reasonable price and small-pocket size.
perfect little NON smart phone.
Do not need a smart phone as I love the slide key board.
I would highly recommend this product to someone looking for starter smartphone.
Unlocked, it is entirely customisable and you can get the best and chepeast plans for smartphones that are widely avaialble.
To all those considering buying a Samsung smart phone from an unauthorized online seller - Purchased the Samsung Galaxy S5 from AlphaCell in early 2016 and, after six months of normal use, the screen of the phone had separated from the body of the phone.
Again, it's not a smartphone, which may be a feature for you.
My family laughed at the thought of me teaching them how to use a smart phone.
good smartphone and it's on windows 8 system works great an low price for this device , who want phone on win 8 but don't like nokia recomand this device.
I think it is not necessary to purchase smartphones of $ 500 or $ 600 dlls.
this was the first smartphone that i have bought and i wont regret it.
It does more than my old Nokia X2 and I can always upgrade to full smartphone service if I need to.
A little sluggish on the net but if you don't want to pay for a smart phone, this is a good choice.
Its my first smart phone and I am learning how to use it little by little.
If you are wanting to give a Windows smart phone a try this phone I highly recommend it.
while between Point A and Point B…well, my wife’s true smart phone is perfectly capable of that (hers is a Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate, with Wi-Fi and all the bells’n whistles).
It is not a smart phone, which we knew.
I purchased this phone hoping I could get a very nice smartphone at a good price.
8 that AT&T will not allow Microsoft to push to your phone, but overall this is a great entry-level smart phone and you simply cannot beat the price now that it has been out a couple of years.
Battery charge lasts a lot longer than my other smart phones as well which I like.
it was so good that I ordered another one is a backup for my Android smartphone, being that I travel a lot and occasionally my phones crap out on me so know I will have a good reliable backup.
I brought this to be my first venture into the land of smartphones and texting.
How many smartphones can do that.
I recently bought this phone because I hadn't any smart phone and my beloved iPhone was very expensive for my budget.
I have had this smartphone for about two weeks and love it.
I thought I had a sophisticated smart phone before upgrading to this one, it does not compare to this one.
This is the best smart phone for this price.
I have to give the phone a single star since it was missing one of the most important smartphone features in gps and navigation.
I used the advanced home screen but this phone also has a basic straight forward screen if you are new to smartphones.
I would find another phone if I had to use a non-smartphone device.
5 GB of ram which isn't really noticeable unless you are heavily multitasking- Camera struggles to focus and stay focused at times but otherwise takes great photos- Runs android Lollipop right now even though Marshmallow is out (I hear they are releasing an update soon)- No active display or LED notificationIt's unfortunate that the market is saturated with phablets and we have very little choice when it comes to conservatively sized devices, but all in all I think this is a great phone (especially for the current price of $264).
but since smartphones use more power.
I had never had a smartphone before.
I was in the market for a new unlocked smartphone (for international travel) but didn't want to splurge $500-700 on an Iphone or Galaxy S.
Wasn't sure whether to get her a smartphone, but she loves it and can use a lot of the functions.
This is a very good mid range smartphone for its price.
Once the newest and hottest smartphone version hits the market, any remaining new stock of the previous version is discontinued or swiped up fast (particularly if the previous version is better than the newest).
I'm not rushing to use theirs or smartphones 288 business Anytime soon.
The colors are accurate, (in photo mode), viewing angles are great, brightness is adequate, and you get the familiar benefits of it being OLED.
this phone i got for my mom as a gift because she isnt into smart phones.
Keep him grounded - he's 8 and in no way "needs" a smartphone.
This is for my husband and he doesn't like the smart phones.
This is a good hybrid phone ; sensitive touch screen , qwerty keyboard ( which I prefer over touch pads ) and lots of power to keep it viable in this day and age of high powered smart phones.
not enough processing power, not smart enough.
My husband does not like smart phones so this is great for him.
While this phone came out a couple of years ago, it's still a serviceable smart phone if you're not looking for the latest and greatest.
It does well for a subsmart phone, but leaves something to be desired as far as longevity.
Just the smart fone we have been seeking.
A keyboard and screen without the smartphone add ons and pricing.
If you do not need a "smart-ass, phone," and want to save nearly $600.
Has all I wanted in a smart phone at a fabulous price.
I'll never own a smart phone so long as I live and there are still these tough relics floating around out there.
It has a micro usb charger which is the same charger used by most smartphones (android and windows) these days.
My contract with them ended on May 21st of this year, and I initially thought I wanted to switch over to Metro PCS; but the phone I ordered came with a SIM Card that I never managed to install, and though I could have taken it to a Metro PCS dealer and gotten help with it, having difficulty getting started, may very well have been a blessing, because it served to make me stop and think about whether I really wanted to have a smartphone ( and more specifically, whether I wanted Google to track everything); and the verdict is that I'm sending the smartphone back and getting a refund.
This is a perfect phone for basic smart phone use that you don't have to handle with kid gloves.
She didn't want a smart phone, but wanted a phone that had all the other features of a smart phone.
It's amazing how cheap smartphones are getting nowadays though (3g only though see asus zen phone for instance.
It is a high-quality smart phone but does not make me feel ignorant when using it because it's so simple to operate.
Excellent smartphone 100% recommended.
For Neg's, I would say the speaker phone could be a tad louder, flash for night time shots would be great and wish I could get a solid 3 days of use, otherwise I keep a charger in the car just incase.
Even though there's smartphone elements to this device, it is rather clumsy to use them compared to current Android technology.
I only wanted a telephone, not a smartphone.
My grandchildren 11 & 13 all have those smart phones.
Other notes:*battery life-it's a smartphone, so don't expect much*speaker-just as loud as, maybe even louder than, my sister's galaxy s3*camera-5 mp not so bad, flash great , image stabilization okay, video quality only good in youtube 720 hd mode*no security lock for apps/text messages, threaded messaging(great feature)*3G connectivityMore updates later***.
but that normally happens with all the smart phones I've had.
I was forced into getting a smart phone because my carrier was retiring 2G services.
I would say if your on the fence about getting a smartphone and have ATT, I would say check this one out, the IPhone4 or HTC Aria.
If you're shopping for a new Samsung smartphone, but are shocked by the prices, you may want to consider this one.
I enjoyed this phone years ago and tried the new smartphones and was not happy with it.
Well, I had to leave my smartphone at home and start looking for a no-camera phone due to a new job.
My husband has now owned two of these; it holds up very well to being dropped on a variety of surfaces, exposed to extreme heat and cold, and offers everything he needs without the unnecessary frills of a smart phone.
I prefer the Qwerty keyboard phones over the virtual keyboards and don't need all the smart phone apps out there & this phone is just a bit smaller than what I would've preferred.
Amazing smartphone, very versatile.
I would recommend this phone to anyone not looking for a computer (smart) phone.
But I like the features on a smartphone.
There is nothing to complain about, I'm glad to have this smartphone.
This is my first smart phone and I am on AT&T go phone plan.
It's super convenient and it's the reason I don't want to upgrade to a smartphone so I'd highly recommend it.
I think this would make a great first smartphone for seniors and the great call service is in my humble opinion so much better and more flexible than the I've fallen and can't get up button.
I went many years before upgrading to a smart phone.
Ok it is not a sophisticated smart phone like my iphone, but it does all the basic extra functions such as accessing the internet for wind reports and of course using it as a phone.
Three points from my ordering experience: 1) check the vendor's return policy before purchasing; 2) when you receive the order check the phone properties first--it's easy to become enchanted with smartphones to the point of overlooking the basic on ear use; 3) buyers should reflect on the liklihood that any unlocked cell listed is actually new.
I like how fast it is and it definitely doesn't seem like a 'older' smartphone.
Perfect for senior citizens or anyone who has no need for a smartphone.
adequate smart phone.
This was Consumer Report's top rated smart phone.
So I purchased the smartphone so I could have the usual android experience.
He brags that the phone is smarter than he is.
I got waterproof smart phones, but you can't read the screen out in bright sunlight and there's no place to attach a float or lanyard to them, plus them touch screens are useless out in the surf.
My wife has a smart phone, I have a dumb phone.
We were pleased with the Sprint signal, but didn't want to pay the extra 10 clams for the 4G service that's not in our area yet (central Indiana) which was required for me to upgrade my phone to any of the Sprint smartphones.
Did not want to spend the money for an unlocked smart phone but did miss having one at times to look up things as we were traveling.
Pros:-bright super amoled 4 inch screen-gorilla glass-light weight-solid construction-fantastic OS, smooth, fast, and the most important thing for me, bueauuuutifly designed-great price-fully updated with mango 7.
It is perfect for her as she wanted an upgrade from a flip phone, but didn't want and couldn't handle a smart phone that could do lots and lots of things.
This is my first smart phone so maybe my review does not mean much.
Great replacement phone for the non-smartphone customer.
Beautiful screen, WP7 nice OS but that's all, saddly it can happen to you to receive a defective phone, there are two main problems with it:-Problems with the cell phone restarting without end, this can happen after using an app, any app in my case it was skype or the maps application-Mic not workingEven when I was able to use the phone with the restart problem avoiding to use the smart part of the phone the mic problem rendered the cell phone into a piece of junk.
I didn't want a phone that was smarter than I was and I needed to have a phone that was reliable.
Very good smartphone for those not willing to spend a fortune, I recommend it.
Out of not smart phones this I find the best one.
This is a good smart phone.
I just wanted a smartphone interface and touchscreen.
Over all this phone is just as fab as any smart phone.
If you dont have a US sim card, look somewhere else for a cool looking smart phone.
i was a little scafy having a smartphone, but this one is very friendly and useful.
Easy to maneuver and operate intuitively since it's my first official smart phone/ Windows phone.
Screen is clear and bright, record video at 720HD, does well taking photos even with out flash, but I didn't buy it for that as I have Canon EOS.
I don't want a smart phone, just a good phone.
I got this phone because of the slider keyboard, the other phone I had was a good phone but my fingers were too big for the keyboard so I got the flight 2, the keyboard was perfect and after I figured out how everything worked on this phone (it didn't come with a manual ) it was/is a great little basic phone that has a smartphone look.
It was released in 2010 , but it was infact much ahead of time, no other contemporary phone is still as smart as it is.
My old Alltell phone finally broke, but i'm not quite ready for a smartphone.
1 smart phone.
If you aren't going to get a smart phone and the big data plans then this phone is a good phone that both my wife and teenage son are happy with.
It's too bad that now a days all service providers are focusing on smart phones for the revenue they generate in the U.
first smart phone no problems.
Lots of app are available , so definitely i would recommend anyone who wants to buy a smartphone at a reasonable price.
Phone is basic but I needed the rugged and waterproof features more than lots of smartphone stuff.
The Super-Amoled touchscreen is great and easy to see in almost all light conditions even under a bright sun.
I had promised him one bc he doesn't like the touch screen smart phones, glad I was able to find what he wanted.
I think that the windows phone have future in the world of smartphone and this is a good product.
This is my first smartphone, so I'm not an expert, but I'm very happy with the hardware.
I actually like the fact that it fits into my purse's phone pocket compared to some of the other newer smart phones and this is great for when I travel.
very happy with the smartphone, running 4g right now with movistar venezuela carrier i recommend greatfully this seller, great seller, great price, great smartphone.
Well, I am not a huge fan of the touch screen smartphones etc.
She's just now getting into smart phones and tablets.
This is the perfect phone for my husband who does not need or want all the bells & whistles of a smart phone & is very hard on his phone, often dropping it in the toilet.
I think that with all things considered I could have just as well got a recon any type of smart phone from tracfone at a much greater savings.
Great, easy to use for first time smart phone user.
Gives the ability not only to place and receive calls but also to benefit from texts, photo sharing, picture taking and all the rest that makes a smartphone so very enjoyable.
It is an older model with internet access, but it is NOT a smartphone.
I was under the false impression that smart phones were very expensive and the data packages were still $20-25 extra a month.
but for a beginner smartphone user who wants to dip his feet into the smartphone world without any of the bells and whistkes other phones have then this is great.
I would recommend it to anyone who is afraid of the smart phones.
The local Samsung rep tried to make it work as did the geeks at Best Buy along with the smart ones at my carrier (T Mobile) and last but not least, the super phone tech at Samsung who took contol of the phone and computer but could find no solution.
I have become so accustomed to smartphones, that going back to T9 is a little confusing.
But, the small screen makes the navigation hard to decipher, and the browser lacked the functionality of the newer smartphones.
They are perfect for tweens who just don't need a smart phone yet.
My smartphone was cheaper than this.
, i plenty sure this phone has the best cost/benefits relation ever for all smartphones i've owned.
I don't like touchscreen phones so much, and the only reason I'd get a smart phone is for the OBDII apps you can install on them to diagnose cars.
Software: It is in between a smart-phone and a dull-phone.
I don't use a smartphone much due to limited reception in my office area.
I purchased this UNLOCKED Samsung Focus I917 with BUYING IT and definitively it is a great option to save money because offer the most important features that any expensive smartphones must have, but it cost less than 50% of them.
My first smartphone and really pleased to opt for windows over iphone or android.
Only because I don't like smartphones.
Needed a texting phone for work and did not want the $$ for smart phone.
touch screen but not a smart phone.
if you can't afford a smart phone, the flight is a reliable alternative.
But like I said, for an entry-level smart phone WITHOUT extending your contract, you simply cannot beat the price, and the whole Windows Phone system is a wonderfully refreshing alternative to Android and Apple (IMHO).
Plenty free applications for this smart phone, and made this phone as smart as old version iPhones.
On to the rest of the phone done with the pro/con format:Pro:Big screen, bright and easy to see.
My career is gosmart.
One of the best I've ever seen on a smartphone.
I've ordered another "smart" phone, but this time will move to an Android O.
Great smart phone, crisp display, very pleased.
He did not want any of the modern "smart phones" but rather a simple and basic phone.
This is a great smart phone for those of us who has limited requirements.
MY smartphone battery died and I await A backup until the battery ,.
He loves it great for beginner smartphone userIt's stuck on windows 7.
its an ausome smartphone.
Although aging, this is still the pentultimate smartphone for all general smartphone applications.
Pros: It's super fast, has a fingerprint scanner, takes an external sd card, can take your pulse, has a beautiful display, and was easy to set upCons: The menu buttons do different things than previous models which is still throwing me off, the auto brightness is way too dark in a dark room, there's still some bloatware that can't be disabled, and the ability to restrict app permissions was removedOverall I believe this was a great deal.
The phone has a large eyelet on the top of the phone which I attached a thin lanyard that I then fastened to medal ring attached to my kayak in case I accidentally drop the phone in the river.
Works great, fighting to stay out of the smart phone market and this phone should give me a few more years.
And not a smart phone.
I was not smart and bought one anyway.
