Clear phone call quality and easy to use Nokia OS.
This is an excellent smartphone that my son is completely happy with after 3 weeks of use.
I just wanted to get her a simple phone to make and receive calls and it is so hard to find flip phones for the "older" generation to use.
Ever since I have used smart phones, nokia and symbian s60 has been my favorites, my last two phones being the n95-3 and the e71.
The OS is reliable, stable, very easy to use, and the battery life is pretty decent.
is an excellent choice if you are looking for a touch screen smart phone, I've had a phew touch screen phones in the past but this is the best one yet, the only thing that I wasn't 100% happy with is the camera is not a very good one when there is not much light, but the rest is fantastic, the different writing modes are the best, you won't even notice it's a touch screen, berceuse you can blast emails and SMS messages like with a keyboard cell phone.
The Nokia 5800 is lightweight and very easy to use.
Even so it's a great format, super fast and super easy to learn and use.
Great phone very easy to use simple I love it works well price is great to.
If you are looking for something easy to use and your main thing is the touchscreen maybe you should look for another phone.
It's a simple phone that is easy to use for phone calls and texting.
It was very easy to use.
I love the display and the only thing i don't like too mcuh is the writing panel cuz I like to use the small one and it's a little hard to get every letter straight however the big one is very spacious and nice.
This is all I'm looking for, an easy to use and great looking phone.
Okay but seriously I love this thing, I bought this to replace a ( Nokia C3 touch and Type ) which has unbelievably tiny keys This one however is for me the phone of my dreams it is very easy to use and for it's compact size is loaded with tons of functionsMeasurementsLength 7 inches.
Too bad because I like the simple model, the screen is easy to read and I can carry it in my pocket.
I mention this because it is hard to communicate back and forth.
Easy to use, practical and so fast.
It's pretty easy to use for someone who has never had a touch screen before, and even has a help screen in every section plus tip video clips.
What's more is the variety of apps available for the phone, I can recommend a few that I have found quite useful: Photo Browser, Handy Shell, Paint Pad, Phone Torch, Opera Mini, AccuWeather, QuickOffice, GoogleMaps and Fring.
When updating, it has to be hard reset because it freezes and goes dead.
its ok is what i was looking for my dad very basic phone because he only use it to make phone calls no need an smart phone.
This phone might have everything you need and one might get used to it after a while but it's definitly not very easy to use.
, lots of "bars"), it's easy to use, and it feels well made.
It takes photos, and records like a camcorder, this includes self timer, image sequence, brightness control, effects, whitness balance, and video share call16-There is a screen on the outside so you can see who is calling without opening the phoneAppearance1-Menu functions are easy to see.
I have I very good review for the Milestone, but this another was a gift (for someone that cannot use a smartphone)But this just start the logo and then goes out.
This isn't bad because wifi is hard on batteries.
Pros:--battery life--solid voice quality--quick and smooth operating system--good predictive texting--threaded text messages--simple mp3 player--flashlight--web browser so slow you'll never be tempted to use it--little 2mp camera good enough for quick, unimportant picsCons:--has web browser--buttons a bit small (though I have huge hands and don't really have a difficult time navigating the buttons)--can't delete apps from menu--AT&T about to take down 2g network, leaving only TMobile's.
I have used lots of different phones, from the basic Razr flip phone through several different Windows Mobile & Blackberry smart phones, and even the greatly over-hyped iPhone, and this is by far my favorite phone.
The SIM tray is easy to use; because it is a tray, not a slot, I was able to insert the micro-SIM from my smartphone without any trouble.
The menus and features are quirky and hard to use.
+ intuitive interface super easy to use+good for a touch-screen beginner (hybrid between traditional and modern selective methods)+superfast camera+nice video quality+decent display+very light and compact, good design+comes with a pick for small objects on the screen (awesome)-not a very responsive touch-screen-image quality is sub-par-no flash ( are u serious.
A very good phone that is even easy to use.
As a first time smart phone user, this phone is perfect for me.
So far this phone is everything I expected; its easy to use, has a decent processor, stable software, good camera and lots of apps to download.
2 mg camera and video that are fun to use, 8gb of micro SD storage and easy USB connection to your computer for uploading your favorite tunes, which you can use for your ringtones.
The keypad is very well designed and easy to use.
This phone is great, light weight, easy to use, the camera is decent and it is very compact and fits in my pocket.
My rating is 3/5, mainly because I want to give it a shot, see how long it will last.
It is easy to use but I find it does not hold a charge as long as my old Nokia phone did.
The PRO's: Great resolution, camera and sound; integrated wi-fi; good memory capacityThe CON's: Poor capacity to arrange the menus as you wish; no easy use of the touch screen as Palm-like graffity.
She needed a keypad that was easy to look at, and for phone use only.
I thought the Microsoft device would be relatively user friendly, and easy to operate.
super long battery life, clean live sound from speakers, easy to use display and on-screen keyboard.
The phone does not have a vibrate function and had a hard time keeping signal.
not matter how hard the people at unlockedcellphonekings tried to help me, it was no use.
Haven't downloaded all the Nokia apps to check out all the functions this smartphone can do.
It's classic Nokia - solid build, clear and logical user interface, real keyboard, good size clear display, camera that's fine for the occasional quick photo and it's affordable.
If you want to use it as a second phone or hotspot you're good to go.
easy to use, clear picture easy on the eyes.
I have to do with Edge which is not bad but not the high speed one is used with real 3G.
Every single time they had a lame excuse like the wrong IMEI (had to send them the photo of the phone, even that didn't help).
I purchased this flip phone for my husband who refuses to use a smart phone.
The smart phone type features are easier and faster to use than any smart phone I have used.
Not a major overhaul on the operating system basically everything looks the same as previous nokia smart phones, the camera, video, and music interfaces could have made better use of finger controls in my opinion.
It has an easy-to-use menu to navigate to set up the phone.
This is good product, I'm happy to have a phone that meets my simple communication needs, is comfortable in my hand and easy to use.
The phone is great, & easy to figure out & use.
I have had to send mine in for service twice since I bought it, the first time for them to tighten the seams around when the phone locks and unlocks (it is a little switch that you push up to lock or unlock, which I find annoying and looks like it might break if you accidently push it too hard) which were coming loose, and the second time because my screen went black.
EDIT: Changed my rating from 1 star to 3 stars because this *does* work on T-Mobile, but only if you are in T-Mobile 2G coverage (900Mhz and 1800Mhz bands), which may not be the case even if you have LTE (smartphone) coverage.
Easy to use, easy to find , love the phone.
My husband likes his Nokia Cell, however something is wrong with the battery and its off by itself every five to ten second and its hard to figure it out what's happening because no manual booklet came with the phone.
It's small, easy to use and stylish.
WhatsApp, Internet , app, radio, keyboard qwerty easy for use.
The built-in camera works well for its intended function - obviously not as good as similar cameras on smartphones but better than majority of cameras on other non-smartphones.
Well the nokia 5800 is a really nice phone, great price at amazon as always, a bit on the chubby side, but is very easy to use.
This is my favorite phone, I love the flip design and easy too use.
Easy to clean, easy to use, very good function under tough job site conditions.
A bit of deception because finding applications to it is not as easy as for Android (this runs Symbian), but these do not make me think it is a bad choice.
The battery cover is easy to remove but I do it breaking if you're a power user with a spare battery and you want to constantly swap the batteries out with a fresh one.
Having been used to smart phones w/ touch screen, I surprised myself when I worked w/ it easily not having read the instructions to operate it.
It comes with lot of add on and Its not too big like iPhone and not too small, exactly made for using with single hand and I had replaced the blackberry phone used for Office with this and configured my Office outlook exchange server along with Gmail, hotmail and yahoo, how cool is that.
With the updates the phone functions a little smoother.
This phone is incompatible with MMS messaging, which your friends with smartphones may use from time to time.
This phone was so easy for her to function and no complaints so far from her :) Phone works great.
In terms of actually using the phone, they're both easy to set up and easy to use.
Very easy to use, all the right functions.
I love this phone and have bought it several times over the years, as it's easy to use and has a lot of unexpected features.
It sounds good and it's easy to use.
I am a very big guy with lands large even for my size and I find the full qwerty keyboard to be pretty easy to use.
It's replacing my Nokia Lumia 520 which I have used for a few months now, but am starting to get tired of all the carriers fighting about smartphone plans and wanted to get myself out of that mess by ditching mine and going on the GoPhone feature phone plans.
The menus and organization is all over the place, probably because I'm used to smart phone, so it takes some familiarizing.
I hardly use it and it maybe lasts for a few days.
The only issue I found is battery, if you surf internet, use bluetooth and gps all day your battery will die before before the day ends, but not big deal because all smart phones with same characteristics has same issue.
Screen is bright and easy to read, sound quality is good and the performance is fast enough for the apps I use.
I downgraded because the smart phone is such a hog of time.
Pretty old style and hardly anything to modify (you can use your own ring and message tone), but therefore you have a phone that will be fast no matter what and can use WiFi.
For my purposes, mostly music, appointments and alarms, and the phone, it is stable with just 1 exception when the battery overheated while I was talking on the phone and connected to my Wi-Fi.
but in regards to the latter statement, I believe you can download any type of camera u want and use the downloaded camera for photos instead of the default camera.
So far it's been a great, easy to use phone.
The full digital keyboard is easy to use with the stylus (a bit tough for those of us with fat fingers.
Nokia is the brand that can be used in telephone, good price, excellent team, was a gift to my daughter and she liked it, easy to use and very affordable price, I recommend it.
I'm again happy to have a phone that meets my simple communication needs, is comfortable in my hand and easy to use.
I find it easy to use the touch screen but you do need to apply some pressure - more than the iPhone, but it works great.
Sometimes miss amazing moments of photos of my kids because the phone freezes after taking a single picture.
it's easy to use phone.
This is the best phone you can get if you're looking for functionality, but don't want to throw hundreds of dollars at a smartphone with a data plan.
Nice phone very easy and simple to use.
Still working but I just bought smart phone to able to use better searching.
It is a basic phone with large numbers that are easy to use.
This is a great low cost cell phone, and it is really easy to use, small and lightweight.
I bought this phone largely because of the GPS, happy that I could get a GPS "smartphone" that doesn't require a contract.
The keypad lights up and is very easy to use.
She loves it and very easy for aged people to use.
and very easy to use hand-free speaker.
)-maps application is not a good one-on-screen keyboard is painfulBottom line: good for someone who wants a compact easy to use phone without any advanced feature that smart-phones offer.
It's easy to use.
It is very light, easy to use, and delivers great call quality.
got it for my mother, who is not a fun of smart phone and finds it too complicated to use.
I got this phone for my wife and so far she really likes it, it is easy to use, stylish, has many features, very good reception (our provider is att) & the battery life is very good as well.
this is a compact, easy to use phone that does what it is supposed to.
With the ability to quickly swap out the SIM from my Berry to this 301, I've got a fun and useful duo for the same price as compared to upgrading to popular 32 GB models of other smartphones, while using the latest iterations of some longtime players in this still, relatively new field.
I just use this as an awesome pay-as-you-go "Voice Phone" to supplement my work-supplied smartphone with unlimited voice/internet.
Pro-screen is good sizefairly easy to use if you do not have eyesight issuesswitch out mini sim card for easy set up.
This is a semi smart phone because it has certain social networking apps so it can be useful for people who are new to the smartphone business or are light users.
- The menus are very easy to get used to, very well organized, and you can still change their order or create folders to your own preference.
Also, the browser is more than decent, pretty speedy and you can also use Opera mobile 10 (not opera mini) which feels like a more full fledged browser than Opera mini and is also quite fast.
Phone functioned well enough but original language was Italian and was hard to get it changed and it would not mesh well with my local network.
ConsMenu button is not easy to use.
Ok, the good: 1) It's compact and I love slider phones that cover up the keyboardAnd the bad: 1) It was a pain in the butt to figure out the configurations to get the mms to work, but that's part of getting an unlocked phone2) Every time I use the text to send to an email, the phone turns off and restarts3) The keyboard buttons are pretty flat & are close together so it's easy to hit the wrong button4) The camera quality is crap, but you can't really expect much from a phone like this5) The alarm feature worked like once.
very nice to use a wonderful semi-smart phone.
Very easy use phone without data plan, good quality from nokia.
That person does not want or need any smartphone functionality, and for this purpose, this phone is a perfect replacement.
Because it's an unlocked phone, there were a handful of useful things I could that iphone users couldn't, like download an app that allowed me to take my 3G connection and make a WIFI hotspot.
3) The HOME button is hard to use, as the CALL, HOME, and END buttons all use the same actuator plastic strip.
The Video (which iPhone does not have at this time) is very exceptional as well; even more functional and better quality than the camera still shots (odd eh.
I've used this same model of phone before, it's not a smart phone but I like it because it's small and light.
Now I am thinking of donating this phone to someone who does not use Google account on smart phone.
I used as my 2nd telephoneSummary:Pros:+ nice 4" screen same iphone 6+ good response speed in functions+ Most of the needed apps available (watsap, skype, tunein, twitter, etc, )+ with w8.
It has any feature you could want except wifi but this phone is NOT considered a smartphone by AT&T so you DO NOT HAVE TO PAY THE $30 DATA PLAN FEE and you can use the $10 per month unlimited data.
It was easy to set up the speed dial that he likes to use and he really enjoys the phone.
It's very easy to use, nice and small and is GSM so works in Europe too.
Also become heat when you use Wi-Fi for long period of time.
Good functional phone at a great price for anyone who does not want or need a smart phone AND no 2 yr contract.
My daughter does use all those other features, and they all seem to work OK, but what good is a smart phone that can do everything but text.
I bought this because AT&T is raising smartphone prices to unfair levels.
Internet is nice as well, picks up on my wireless internet fast, as well as quickly at the local coffee spot, but haven't used it beyond that.
The item served the purpose and it's easy to maneuver.
I'm a hardcore open source software user and wanted an unlocked smartphone which would be affordable and highly functional.
I was looking for a simple, easy to use phone similar to the V195, because he's not tech savvy, and for him, the simpler, the better.
Only negative point is the side's of video and photo, because i can't turn to right side to see a video, for exemple, it has only left side default.
I eventually refused and explained to them that performing a hard reset and updating the software was not a solution.
And this phone does that function flawlessly as well as letting me access the internet either via hot spots or through AT&T's 3.
Being mostly an android user, and before this being on iPhone 5, this phone was very easy to get used to.
, faster than i think for the price, take a few days learn use Windows phone, but is easy; apps run fast.
This smartphone has everything required for a practical use of email, e-mail account wizards settings are very easily to use, and with the OVI suite you can have it all in one place.
Unlike a phone I had in the past with yellow backlighting that causes eye strain this has white light like a lamp making it easy to see.
A wonderful phone, easy to use with Windows and all the programs I need from Windows office.
The live tiles are easy to use and multi-task through.
I recommend it to anyone who doesn't use a smart phone.
1 OS is very easy to use, and has a rather large selection of apps in the Microsoft app store.
very easy to use, all the basic things i needed on a simple but trendy touchscreen phone is in this one.
I am not an expert smart phone user.
5G network)Free NavigationDecent EmailSound Quality/Call QualityNo Contract NeededComes with some pre-loaded AppsCONsSymbian OS can take a little time to learn - it is NOT difficult - it is LOGICALBattery could be better for a 1320mah BatterySmall Data CableOVI Store - Getting Better All The TimeOVI Maps iffy for POI'sNot the fastest phone/GUI out - but ample - even for a heavy userNO Wifi - But for it being so cheap you can't complain.
high hardware at low cost+ same configuration screens as our Windows pc's (for a telephone)+ Accept W10 Mobile+ Good recepetion, speed, functionsCons:- With W10 not working sync with icloud anymore- some not common apps no available (i.
The phone was easy to use and I slotted both her Thailand GSM Simcard and purchased a GSM simcard from Walmart Mobile to use here stateside.
The phone is fairly easy to use.
It's a great smartphone and easy to use once you've played around with it.
i've never used a smartphone before and would have normally tried a few models.
It is a phone very fast, it's OS is easy to use single for every one.
Product is very easy to use right out of the package.
hard to use.
Easy to use, easy to install new and cool applications like GPS maps and games.
It has tactile as well as visual feedback (the key you press enlarges and there is a slight vibration that you can turn off), making typing on the large QWERTY easy and the XM remembers where I use the large keyboard and automatically brings it up with the apps where I use it.
Very simple and easy to use.
Browsing the internet isn't that smooth because the 5800's touch-screen is either overly sensitive sometimes or it just takes a slegdehammer to register an input.
It also gets extremely hot when in use.
Photo camera is very good too - self portrate, panorama, smth else which I'm not going to use.
This phone is basic, easy to use, good size keys,good reception, and holds a charge for a few days.
I just wanted something small and easy to slip in my pocket, because my old E51 can only hold about an hour charge after 5+ years.
]) is available for free, it connects yahoo, hotmail, AOL, Gtalk and Skype users all in one place and we can even make voice calls to online users.
made my mom happy with this phone its so easy for her to use.
In terms of a simple, easy to use flip phone, the 2720 does a good job, and these types of basic phones are becoming harder and harder to find.
All in all, when I got the GPS working the way I wanted, I fell in love with this little phone - it is a true powerhouse for the price, and if it lasts, I expect it will be remembered as my first great smartphone.
However, the functionality and the capability are hardly noticeable when comparing the two in day-by-day operations (excluding the camera, because the Nokia 808 is an incredible camera that lets you make phone calls and organize your life).
This cell phone is pretty easy to use for her.
It has basic apps you would need from a smart phone (No you cant play clash of clans, No it does not have 1 kazillion apps like android does), but I dont use a lot of apps either.
I bought this phone for my husband because it seemed like the best alternative to an iPhone and similar touchscreen smartphones without the issue of having to pay the ridiculous "Smartphone Plan" fee.
It helps that I never use any smart phone features because they're such a PITA.
It is SO much easier to read and use than the "smart phones, and it easily slips into my purse.
An avid smartphone user for 6 years now, I bought this 301 this week to augment my Berry for those weekends and other times when I don't need the full pocket computer rolling.
It looks good, and is very easy to use.
Now that Microsoft has decided to shut down the Nokia smart phone division and cut down thousands of employees, the future support looks uncertain.
I bought this phone as a Christmas present for myself because I wanted something a bit more advanced than the Nokia C2 I purchased from Amazon in 2012, but didn't want to go all the way with a smartphone.
The UI is not as easy to use as an iphone so prepare to read the manual.
- Touchscreen was responsive and pleasantly easy to use- Price/feature is good compared with other models- Battery life seems to be quite decentCons:- Even though I didn't install much additional applications(nightstand + Opera browser), it kept generating this error "memory card full.
The challange for Nokia will be to develop a operating system with plenty of apps that let's the user smoothly and easily take advantage of all that great hardware.
The only bad for this cel phone is that is no have wi-fi, but everything else is very good, is easy to use phone.
Best feature, no MP3 conversion required, if you have lot of MP3 files on hard disk just drag and drop in few seconds, we can play, phone comes with 8GB of SD Card, can upgrade to 16 GB, that's more than enough, I had used the N95 earlier which costs double this price, this is not a NSeries phone from nokia, but it had all the features + touch screen of N series phone at half the price.
This phone is great as a phone (only as a phone), easy to use, great for contact detail, good battery life (3-4 days with minimal use, 1-3 with moderate)great sound for media/calls and acceptable Wifi.
It came loaded with easy to use software.
And the touchscreen is a bit hard to use with the fingers like touching an iPhone (I have an iPod Touch so I was waffling between this phone and the iPhone).
I got this for my mom who has no clue how to use simple functions of a phone but this phone was pretty easy to set up for her and she liked using it.
it was small, easy to use and very useful for international travelling.
It is not a smartphone but it has a very good browser with excellent wifi access, internet radio etc and it does an excellent job in features that I usually use in my Sony Xperia ion smartphone with a price much less than a classic smartphone.
I use it when i don't want to be distracted with the smart phone.
it works fine, its easy to use, not too heavy.
I use Office 365 on my 4 computers and 3 smartphones.
The software is also minimalistic but pretty functional, with all functions required by such phone working perfectly and easy to set up (you have to do a little bit of typing setting up MMS/WEB gateway settings for AT&T network (visit AT&T's official forums, the Nokia section, to read about necessary settings), but if you don't need these functions everything else is pretty self-explanatory and don't require any "user manual" or Google searches to set up).
easy to use and kind of pretty (for the price)my mom is really happy.
Very user friendly & great for the individual who is looking for an easy to operate cell phone.
For me, regardless of how well it functions, for my purposes, the hard to open back cover was the deal breaker.
Phone is very nice, easy to use.
7) Short cuts on main screen make it really easy to get to contacts you use a lot.
