

When I took off the back of the phone to remove the battery so that I could install my SIM card, it was a real chore to get the back to "click" in.
Beside the poor battery life I recommend this phone.
You see, I have AT&T as my cell phone provider and they will automatically charge you a data plan once their computers recognize that your SIM card is in a smartphone.
everything i need in a phone, great signal strength amazing battery life and very durable.
Also, any time it got dropped, even on carpet, the whole thing would fly apart, battery cover, battery and phone would all part ways.
I wanted to understand why my old phone had finally reached end-of-life, and to pick a replacement that would provide similar capabilities and a long-as-possible future life.
One night when I forgot to lock the screen, I overslept because my phone alarm didn't go off-- the phone (which had previously been good for 6 days without recharging) had died because it called my best friend 42 times that night and left 4 long voicemails while I was asleep.
Battery life is great compared to other phones that have these features and can be replaced8.
Battery life is beyond excellent, and the phone runs very smooth on the most updated Windows 10 software (build 10.
The battery lasts for a day easily with just phone calls and browsing.
And the battery in the phone would not hold a charge thank God I still have the other phone, and I put it in the phone to see if it would work and that old battery works like a charm.
Negative: to conserve battery the phone shuts off the display until you open it, which means that you can't see the hour or if you have a missed call or a message.
Probably is a really nice phone but despite watching 2 U Tube videos on how to remove the back of the phone so the battery and SIM card can be inserted, I could not get the back off.
This very basic phone has a superb battery life, an OK camera, and served her needs perfectly.
If you talk a lot over the phone and tired of phone out charge then you choice has to be this phone.
It is easy to use but I find it does not hold a charge as long as my old Nokia phone did.
Then after rechargeing it, and being alerted by the phone itself that it had been recharged, the phone would not even turn on.
I have had this phone for 6 months and it no longer recognizes the charger that came with it.
I love how the phone lasts over 3 weeks on a single charge on light-moderate usage.


instead, i decided to take out my frustration by badmouthing nokia every chance i get for the rest of my life.

Beside the poor battery life I recommend this phone.
Excellent battery life.
It has 3G tec, batery life is also good, menu is friendly and easy to work.
The OS is reliable, stable, very easy to use, and the battery life is pretty decent.
everything i need in a phone, great signal strength amazing battery life and very durable.
Solid phone, a mature Windows phone with an amazing camera, top battery life.
I loved the camera, the touch screen, the long battery life, and even the qwerty keyboard.
Battery life is not great.
Battery life is great compared to other phones that have these features and can be replaced8.
Another highly important aspect is the battery life.
If I have a heavy texting day, the battery life plummets.
Battery life is beyond excellent, and the phone runs very smooth on the most updated Windows 10 software (build 10.
Once I charge it after 4 days of use and it still has battery life on it.
This very basic phone has a superb battery life, an OK camera, and served her needs perfectly.
One of the methods the manual offers to conserve battery life is to lower the brightness of the display.
Pros:AMOLED ScreenBattery lifeIris scannerIntegration with Windows 10 desktopLight weight for it's sizeReplaceable battery (if you can find one)USB-C charge/data port where it does not matter how you plug it in since it is reversibleCons:feels kind of cheap in the hand.
If you are looking for a reliable phone that makes great quality calls, has good battery life and is reasonably-priced then this is the phone for you.
- The battery life can be kind of short, I don't make many calls but I do browse the web a lot and this can consume the battery in just 2 days specially if you are using 3G.

Every thing is great except that you guys sent me through wrong charger can you please send me the galaxy s5 charger and I'll return the android charger you sent me back thanks in advance.
I really enjoy the angle of the charger as it makes for a great "alarm clock" type set up.
You will need to connect a fast charger to the base (instead of the phone).
Won't work even if connected to charger.

All the music from my samsung impression SD card transferred with no problemsIt came with a European power adapter but I found out the all my Samsung Impression's accessories are compatible with the 2100 so my car charger, plug-in power adapter and even the headset all work on the 2100.
A charger, battery and earbuds were included.
The phone did come with a charged battery, European charger, North American plug converter, ear-piece & mic, and non-english instruction booklet (Polish I suspect).
It came with the phone, charger, and a pair of headphones.
I liked the version Samsung China has wireless charger, 3 gb of ran, is fast I have no problem with it for the moment.
Pros* Very nice screen, surpasses any other touch-screen I've used* Very easy to learn the functions included* A lot of customization options included in interface* Uses standard Micro-USB charger* Has X-Box live capabilities* A generous sized screen* Can use internet over WI-FI* Zune music and videoCons* Battery can sometimes only last for 24 hours* If on T-Mobile or other carrier besides AT&T cannot send or receive pictures* Low quality cameraAnother heads up would be that if you want to sign into your current X-Box live account, make sure to use the e-mail linked to that account or else it will set u up with an automatic account and you cant change it unless you proceed with a master reset :( i made that mistake when i first got the phone.
wall charger, data cable, headphones, cd-rom disk with software to transfer files from phone to computer, and 2 manuals (one in Spanish and one in English), and a warranty card with 1 year warranty.
Sometimes I put it on the charger and it charges very quickly.
It came in the original Samsung Box, no AT&T branding, I received a USB cable, an Earpiece, a Battery, the Device of course and a charger to power this beauty up.
Since you can link information from Messenger, Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter of your contacts, live tiles will tell you if anyone of your contacts in the group has shared something in any of those networks and you can make any comment or share anything you want without using any app, because everything is integrated in the OS, but not everything is perfect, now I have to charge the phone twice a day, actually now I have a charger at home, at office and the car (I hope there is a way to fix this because the battery lasts some time 5 or 6 hours, if you play a game then it will last 1 hour).
Great charger works great easy to use even with a protective cover over my phone it works unlike others I have tried this one really works.
The item did not arrive with the battery or charger.
Or, if it gets recognized, the charger repeatedly beeps thinking that I just placed the phone on the charger.
The phone has a memory card capability to it and it uses the same charger as most current phone and even the Kindle.
The charger was also ripped open.
