

There are certainly better phone cameras out there, with the iPhone 5 and Lumia 920 blowing it out of the water.
When I took off the back of the phone to remove the battery so that I could install my SIM card, it was a real chore to get the back to "click" in.
I recently bought this phone and it is beautiful, the camera takes clean pictures and stuff but i'm so disappointed because the phone is out dated and i've been trying to update it but so far no luck.
The design of this phone is sober and elegant, providing some services such as wi-fi, radio, camera, web browser, audio recorder and calls recorder are wonderful.
My husband and kids gave the phone for mothers day as a gift I love the camera and how fast it is.
What I don't like1/ Making a phone call is pathetic - how many clicks do I have to make in order to make a simple phone call.
is an excellent choice if you are looking for a touch screen smart phone, I've had a phew touch screen phones in the past but this is the best one yet, the only thing that I wasn't 100% happy with is the camera is not a very good one when there is not much light, but the rest is fantastic, the different writing modes are the best, you won't even notice it's a touch screen, berceuse you can blast emails and SMS messages like with a keyboard cell phone.
The USB cable (Nokia model CA-101) from my old phone worked perfectly with this one to connect it to my computer and drag/drop files and photos onto this phone.
(you will have a hard time with 1-800-CAL-WHAT)iPhone killer: (differences with the iphone)Better CameraBetter Music playersturdierBetter upgrading optionsLower costBetter browserMature OS (with Flash)Support for A2DP bluettoth (clear sound in bluetooth headphones)Better screen ResolutionMore touchscreen inputs (like stylus and handwriting)2 cameras and support for video calls.
Overall, the phone's camera could be better given the quality of cameras on previous Nokia products, namely the N95, but this judgment is relative.
I prefer the windows phone over Android and am very pleased with how the phone and camera performs.
As a media device it features second to none audio quality (with good encoding and headphones it sounds incredible), and a truly amazing screen for photo viewing and video playback.
I wanted a reasonably priced smartphone that allowed access to the web, made phone calls, had gps, a decent camera, etc etc that was NOT an IPhone.
The phones music player is good and camera is not bad.
This very basic phone has a superb battery life, an OK camera, and served her needs perfectly.
It takes photos, and records like a camcorder, this includes self timer, image sequence, brightness control, effects, whitness balance, and video share call16-There is a screen on the outside so you can see who is calling without opening the phoneAppearance1-Menu functions are easy to see.
The phone's camera is quite decent in my opinion.
It looks like a snap on video, but it's a serious impediment in real life, and I'm no weakling--I'm sure I could open it with the beyond normally required force, but I could have snap or break something inside rendering it less desirable.
The one inconvenience, as another reviewer pointed out, is the fact that there's no USB outlet or removable memory card on the 2720, so even though it takes photos, there's no simple, direct way to GET the photos from the phone to your computer.

The screen is great, it's very responsive, excellent camera, great call or signal strength and the battery for us has not been an issue.
the only thing i wish it had wich is no big deal is have a front camera because taking a pic turning the phone around decreases accuracy.
In short, I recomend the phone as it is easy to use and the camera abilities are great but don't pay more than $100 for cause if you are willing to spend more money than get the Galaxy III which I plan on upgrading to when my contract with verizon is up.
Really neat phone, love the camera quality.
Nice camera with great quality.
And the picture snaps -not great quality but I have down loaded many from my phone card.
Bluetooth works great for transfer of photos to my computer and contacts between phones.
great camera and easy to use if you prefer an uncomplicated devices as i do.
5 GB of ram which isn't really noticeable unless you are heavily multitasking- Camera struggles to focus and stay focused at times but otherwise takes great photos- Runs android Lollipop right now even though Marshmallow is out (I hear they are releasing an update soon)- No active display or LED notificationIt's unfortunate that the market is saturated with phablets and we have very little choice when it comes to conservatively sized devices, but all in all I think this is a great phone (especially for the current price of $264).
God knows I'm accident prone,I've dropped this phone so much since I bought it,it works great,nice little camera to,I have uploaded the photos to my computer and the look fantastic,you'd never guess they were taken with this phone.
This phone works,looks and feels great and the camera is amazing.
The phone is slightly larger than expected so it gives you a HUGE screen on which to display your photos with gorgeous color, sharp details, a truly impressive display.

Besides, the camera is great.
I am a pic taker, and this phone really takes great photos as well.
But other than that it's a really great phone very fast, snappy and responsive.
It takes great pictures, although the camera has a small dark spot and everytime I take a picture, there is a small dark spot in every photo, I have learned to live with it since I dont take much pictures.
The only complaint I personally have is the camera, believe me a 13mp with led flash is great but I used to have the Samsung K Zoom which had a 20.
Everything works great but the camera is very sensitive I get blurry photos very easily.
The colors are accurate, (in photo mode), viewing angles are great, brightness is adequate, and you get the familiar benefits of it being OLED.


only holds power for 15 hours (even when not used)Camera doesn't work as good as expected, and the thing, that protects the camera, fell of the first day.
The front facing camera is ok but if you want to upload selfies to Instagram will look washed out until you get a really good light to compensate the noise and lack of resolution.
Hopefully in the future manufacturers will address the camera quality since generally you carry this device everywhere.
The camera is even pretty good.
(you will have a hard time with 1-800-CAL-WHAT)iPhone killer: (differences with the iphone)Better CameraBetter Music playersturdierBetter upgrading optionsLower costBetter browserMature OS (with Flash)Support for A2DP bluettoth (clear sound in bluetooth headphones)Better screen ResolutionMore touchscreen inputs (like stylus and handwriting)2 cameras and support for video calls.
The construction is good, but I got a better signal on my 6-year-old Nokia 5310, and it couldn't read the music and photos on my SIM card, only the address book.
As a media device it features second to none audio quality (with good encoding and headphones it sounds incredible), and a truly amazing screen for photo viewing and video playback.
The phones music player is good and camera is not bad.
It has the great sync software that syncs all your photos, videos, contacts, notes etc between phone and PC using Bluetooth, just switch on the PC and it does the sync automatically.
In spite of having a Carl Zeiss camera lens with LED flash, the pictures taken were not that good.
It takes photos, and records like a camcorder, this includes self timer, image sequence, brightness control, effects, whitness balance, and video share call16-There is a screen on the outside so you can see who is calling without opening the phoneAppearance1-Menu functions are easy to see.
It looks like a snap on video, but it's a serious impediment in real life, and I'm no weakling--I'm sure I could open it with the beyond normally required force, but I could have snap or break something inside rendering it less desirable.
Pros:--battery life--solid voice quality--quick and smooth operating system--good predictive texting--threaded text messages--simple mp3 player--flashlight--web browser so slow you'll never be tempted to use it--little 2mp camera good enough for quick, unimportant picsCons:--has web browser--buttons a bit small (though I have huge hands and don't really have a difficult time navigating the buttons)--can't delete apps from menu--AT&T about to take down 2g network, leaving only TMobile's.
The cellphone is very nice and with good characteristics so far, such as Display, the camera resolution, the Apps, the design.
So far this phone is everything I expected; its easy to use, has a decent processor, stable software, good camera and lots of apps to download.
This phone is exceptional for sound and camera functions, for people that don't need the data package.
It won't fast focus or quickly adjust to changes in available light.
The PRO's: Great resolution, camera and sound; integrated wi-fi; good memory capacityThe CON's: Poor capacity to arrange the menus as you wish; no easy use of the touch screen as Palm-like graffity.
The camera itself is 8 megapixels with a Carl Zeiss lens, and it is just ok.


The manufacturer label (and label under battery cover - see photos) showed clearly that this was the 301.
He likes the phone, however, it can neither send nor receive photos via text message.
I love this phone, its not that fast although its speed did not seem to decrease when several apps were opened but it has a good camera and takes decent photos in low light and good quality video with sufficient ambient light present.
2 camera picture quality is too bad.
I've shot mostly indoors so far, and find that exposure ranges from unusable to good, grain is pretty bad in low lighting, but the flash is quite powerful.
For a 2mp camera photos are pretty good, but no flash though, but I can live with that.
Photo gallery supports timeline mode - see photos specific to this date, press right and left to go to next/prev date.
Apps were enough for video+music, camera, a driving navigator, a walking map, public transit, some Nokia proprietary apps that work well; like the panoramic camera app that stiches together about 4 pictures.
The camera is nice and delivers great photos, but when I am on a call and someone calls in via call-waiting, there isn't any tone or beep letting me know someone else is calling me.
The USB cable (Nokia model CA-101) from my old phone worked perfectly with this one to connect it to my computer and drag/drop files and photos onto this phone.
Forget about taking selfies as there is no front camera and no flash so forget about taking pictures in the dark.
I put some pictures I have taken with my other camera on the memory card and they look great on the screen and are really clear.
Daylight pictures look pretty good for a camera phone.
It's classic Nokia - solid build, clear and logical user interface, real keyboard, good size clear display, camera that's fine for the occasional quick photo and it's affordable.
I took it into a retailer and they were able to fix it so I could send photos, the only problem is that it can't download large photo images from smartphones (and that's what everyone sends photos with these days)BATTERY IS AMAZING.
It start with photo gallery not responding and then follow by everything disappear from the screen.
The construction is good, but I got a better signal on my 6-year-old Nokia 5310, and it couldn't read the music and photos on my SIM card, only the address book.
+ intuitive interface super easy to use+good for a touch-screen beginner (hybrid between traditional and modern selective methods)+superfast camera+nice video quality+decent display+very light and compact, good design+comes with a pick for small objects on the screen (awesome)-not a very responsive touch-screen-image quality is sub-par-no flash ( are u serious.
It shines in daylight conditions able to capture great photos and widescreen videos of surprising quality.


only holds power for 15 hours (even when not used)Camera doesn't work as good as expected, and the thing, that protects the camera, fell of the first day.
There are certainly better phone cameras out there, with the iPhone 5 and Lumia 920 blowing it out of the water.
I can easily say that the camera is better than the camera I have on my Galaxy s6 edge + for sure.
Outside, the camera takes crystal clear pix.
The front facing camera is ok but if you want to upload selfies to Instagram will look washed out until you get a really good light to compensate the noise and lack of resolution.
The design of this phone is sober and elegant, providing some services such as wi-fi, radio, camera, web browser, audio recorder and calls recorder are wonderful.
My husband and kids gave the phone for mothers day as a gift I love the camera and how fast it is.
Hopefully in the future manufacturers will address the camera quality since generally you carry this device everywhere.
) Some of the expanded choices: alarms, camera, calculator, etc.
The camera , not bad for 2mp.
I loved the camera, the touch screen, the long battery life, and even the qwerty keyboard.
It's my first 3g phone and I really like it, ease to use, good screen quality but the camera is not good.
i also wanted a decent camera.
I haven't tried the camera yet, but the software has so many point-and-shoot like features.
(you will have a hard time with 1-800-CAL-WHAT)iPhone killer: (differences with the iphone)Better CameraBetter Music playersturdierBetter upgrading optionsLower costBetter browserMature OS (with Flash)Support for A2DP bluettoth (clear sound in bluetooth headphones)Better screen ResolutionMore touchscreen inputs (like stylus and handwriting)2 cameras and support for video calls.
Overall, the phone's camera could be better given the quality of cameras on previous Nokia products, namely the N95, but this judgment is relative.
I prefer the windows phone over Android and am very pleased with how the phone and camera performs.
But it has some limitations I was simply not expecting to see in a new Nokia phone:- The camera despite having a decent quality is has none of the basic options other simpler phones provide, it lacks filters, color modes, and even brigthness adjusment.
I wanted a reasonably priced smartphone that allowed access to the web, made phone calls, had gps, a decent camera, etc etc that was NOT an IPhone.
