

in i-phone u can unlock phone from screen itself and in samsung touch phones this key is push button key not the sliding key.
This is a good phone although it seems to have a small screen.
I like this feature, because I can put my family members phone number on the home screen.
I have a month with him and has not given me any problems, I like the touch screen, good sound, the memory of everything you want to save.
I liked so much this cellphone, include beautiful disign, longer battery, widescreen quality and the functionally.
Can customize where to display contacts from - SIM, phone or both.
If you are looking for something easy to use and your main thing is the touchscreen maybe you should look for another phone.
Mine and some others have a small open area on the top right side where the top screen section of the phone meets the main phone section.
This firmware gives you kinetic scrolling (iphone like scrolling) and a lot of other fixes.
(you will have a hard time with 1-800-CAL-WHAT)iPhone killer: (differences with the iphone)Better CameraBetter Music playersturdierBetter upgrading optionsLower costBetter browserMature OS (with Flash)Support for A2DP bluettoth (clear sound in bluetooth headphones)Better screen ResolutionMore touchscreen inputs (like stylus and handwriting)2 cameras and support for video calls.
There is an update to the phone's software that gives it Kinetic scrolling but it's not yet available to North American users even though this is an unlocked phone.
Nice having a bigger screen without forking out for a Samsung or Iphone (shows my age im so cheap.
In other words, a good feature phone with smartphone features without the touch screen.
The phone powered up and displayed the T-Mobile information.
The phone is unresponsive and the screen is too small.
- I miss the 4 way button from N81 (HTC has one for their touch screen models too) This is especially useful to scroll over long pages such as contact lists, moving among missing calls, or just navigating the internet, where if you touch the screen you can easily activate a link.
And the touchscreen is a bit hard to use with the fingers like touching an iPhone (I have an iPod Touch so I was waffling between this phone and the iPhone).
I like its touch screen, resolution is great, the sound is terrific and I can also watch videos from youtube.
It takes photos, and records like a camcorder, this includes self timer, image sequence, brightness control, effects, whitness balance, and video share call16-There is a screen on the outside so you can see who is calling without opening the phoneAppearance1-Menu functions are easy to see.


in i-phone u can unlock phone from screen itself and in samsung touch phones this key is push button key not the sliding key.
I have a month with him and has not given me any problems, I like the touch screen, good sound, the memory of everything you want to save.
Nice screen that you can touch and no need for navigation key.
So I was a little hesitant to get a nokia touch screen at first because nokia isn't big in the US market as much as it is overseas.
The latest symbian update allows a seemingly infinite number of contacts on the home screen (previous was 4 - yuck), and did link to my primary emails without a hitch, and I can manually update to read them when I think I want to.
Can customize where to display contacts from - SIM, phone or both.
If you are looking for something easy to use and your main thing is the touchscreen maybe you should look for another phone.
The touch screen responsiveness is also not that good.
Mine and some others have a small open area on the top right side where the top screen section of the phone meets the main phone section.
(you will have a hard time with 1-800-CAL-WHAT)iPhone killer: (differences with the iphone)Better CameraBetter Music playersturdierBetter upgrading optionsLower costBetter browserMature OS (with Flash)Support for A2DP bluettoth (clear sound in bluetooth headphones)Better screen ResolutionMore touchscreen inputs (like stylus and handwriting)2 cameras and support for video calls.
It's pretty easy to use for someone who has never had a touch screen before, and even has a help screen in every section plus tip video clips.
In other words, a good feature phone with smartphone features without the touch screen.
The touchscreen keyboard is okay for me (small finger tips) but quite inconvenient for my husband.
I like its touch screen, resolution is great, the sound is terrific and I can also watch videos from youtube.
The touch screen is incredible.
Over all I totally recommend this phone to anyone who doesn't like advanced touch screen phones or those smart phones, this phone is perfect for someone who just wants it for taking pictures and talking on the cell phone for constant communication.
It is simple to use, I love that you can have multiple #s associated with one name, love the touch of the key pad and the bigger display on screen if wanted.
Most responsive touch screen that I have used.
Overall, it works great and, even though this is my first touch-screen phone, I find it intuitive enough to easily figure out what I want to do.


Cool minimalist design, keys are tactile and the screen is bright.
The screen, however, is small for internet use, but it allows connection for email through various providers.
Too bad because I like the simple model, the screen is easy to read and I can carry it in my pocket.
One other minor negative is that it seems the screen can be scratched easily.
As a media device it features second to none audio quality (with good encoding and headphones it sounds incredible), and a truly amazing screen for photo viewing and video playback.
Pro-screen is good sizefairly easy to use if you do not have eyesight issuesswitch out mini sim card for easy set up.
The phone is unresponsive and the screen is too small.
I like its touch screen, resolution is great, the sound is terrific and I can also watch videos from youtube.
The touch screen is incredible.
The touchscreen is fantastic, and there are many useful apps available for download.
but due to small screen size, not much is gained by the higher resolutionCall quality is excellentBattery life: it will make it through the day on a single charge.
The touch screen is also nice or should I say tap screen and there are times that it takes a little while before it responds.
In our modern age of 1280×720 and above screens that may seem rather paltry.
On icon screens the 5800XM requires only a single tap to open but on some of the menus 2 taps are required.
You can keep your 4 favorite contacts on the main screen.
The screen is a bit smaller.
Functionality is very excellent and useful (multiple alarms, wife, touch-screen) but I have twice experienced that after charging overnight, the next day the unit will get very, very warm and will just die.
I think this is one of the cheaper phones which has touch screen capabilities without having a contract (of 2 years usually) and no data plan required.
This is my first touchscreen phone, but i'd tried some before, and I really like the way it responds.
