5 GB of ram which isn't really noticeable unless you are heavily multitasking- Camera struggles to focus and stay focused at times but otherwise takes great photos- Runs android Lollipop right now even though Marshmallow is out (I hear they are releasing an update soon)- No active display or LED notificationIt's unfortunate that the market is saturated with phablets and we have very little choice when it comes to conservatively sized devices, but all in all I think this is a great phone (especially for the current price of $264).
God knows I'm accident prone,I've dropped this phone so much since I bought it,it works great,nice little camera to,I have uploaded the photos to my computer and the look fantastic,you'd never guess they were taken with this phone.
This phone works,looks and feels great and the camera is amazing.
I put some pictures I have taken with my other camera on the memory card and they look great on the screen and are really clear.
It's my first 3g phone and I really like it, ease to use, good screen quality but the camera is not good.
For a 2mp camera photos are pretty good, but no flash though, but I can live with that.
Daylight pictures look pretty good for a camera phone.
I love this phone, its not that fast although its speed did not seem to decrease when several apps were opened but it has a good camera and takes decent photos in low light and good quality video with sufficient ambient light present.
So far this phone is everything I expected; its easy to use, has a decent processor, stable software, good camera and lots of apps to download.
But it has some limitations I was simply not expecting to see in a new Nokia phone:- The camera despite having a decent quality is has none of the basic options other simpler phones provide, it lacks filters, color modes, and even brigthness adjusment.
The PRO's: Great resolution, camera and sound; integrated wi-fi; good memory capacityThe CON's: Poor capacity to arrange the menus as you wish; no easy use of the touch screen as Palm-like graffity.
+ intuitive interface super easy to use+good for a touch-screen beginner (hybrid between traditional and modern selective methods)+superfast camera+nice video quality+decent display+very light and compact, good design+comes with a pick for small objects on the screen (awesome)-not a very responsive touch-screen-image quality is sub-par-no flash ( are u serious.
The cellphone is very nice and with good characteristics so far, such as Display, the camera resolution, the Apps, the design.