Both ringtone and speaker are clear and loud.
Music sound (with good earphones) is very, very good - it is louder than on my previousNokia 5800XM which is music-oriented, so to speak.
You can load up the micro-SDHC card from you computer, either by putting the micro-SDHC card into a USB connection on your computer, or downloading it directly to the phone from your computer, but you will need to purchase a data cable for a SAMSUNG phone.
Easy to use and great loud ringtones.
The graphics on this phone is awesome the speakers are adequate and loud.
The only thing i Don't like that much is the microsd doesnt work as other platforms you have to wipe the phone and you are not supposed to remove the microsd card once installed.
Pros:Good Screen (720p, IPS Panel, Gorilla Glass 3)Superb Battery Life (48 hours of use, with YouTube, speakers, and social media)Excelent Touch ScreenLoud SpeakersSolid Build (its plastic, but the good one.
the speaker phone is loud and clear.
- The external speaker is loud.
I can barely hear people when I talk on the phone, but it's not that big of a problem because I have a headset I use or just put it on loudspeaker/make sure I only make phone calls in quiet places.
The call quality is excellent and the speakers are top notch for a phone.
I have everything set as loud as it will go, but ringtones are still almost mute.
Call quality is pretty good though, and it came with a handsfree wired (it doesn't have bluetooth) headset.
-A lot off apps in Ovi Store-The phone is fast, even with the 16gb microSD.
The first phone could only be used on speaker mode.
high hardware at low cost+ same configuration screens as our Windows pc's (for a telephone)+ Accept W10 Mobile+ Good recepetion, speed, functionsCons:- With W10 not working sync with icloud anymore- some not common apps no available (i.
Although not a "smart phone" this compact device is feature-packed with a camera for stills and video, a real music player, a real FM radio using your headset as its antenna, Bluetooth and USB, and data storage on a mini SD card.
The SIM tray is easy to use; because it is a tray, not a slot, I was able to insert the micro-SIM from my smartphone without any trouble.
It was nerve-wracking to cut the old SIM card (standard size) to the micro SIM size required for this phone, but I watched a couple of videos and took the plunge.
Calendar has a loud irritating alert sound.
the volume with the headphones on is loud and good.
I had earbuds that produced a loudness of 93 decibels which made the listening experience mediocre but then I bought buds with a 110 db loudness and the sound is much better.
I gave the phone 3 stars because I liked the phone's overall quality build and speaker phone volume and ease of use.
Music sound (with good earphones) is very, very good - it is louder than on my previousNokia 5800XM which is music-oriented, so to speak.
if you are recording a moderately loud amplified band the video will look fine but sound like an unintelligible, distorted mess.
The built-in stereo speakers deliver crystal clear sound.
Works great on consumer cellular, they were great helping me set it up, used micro sim from phone I upgraded from, phone is actually a at&t phone, you can't uninstall their apps but you can turn them off in the app Mgr so their icons don't show up.
Pros: Good screen resolution, good sound quality, nice headset.
Sound quality is great speakers a lil low for me but it must be me going deaf from the system in my car, but this phone is awesome.
)Other high points that I didn't expect, but have come to enjoy:1) FM Radio with the headphones acting as the antenna2) Music player3) SD micro card ready4) Loud speaker (for music and speaker phone).
The phone works great clear LOUD speaker phone, great fun snap shoot digital camera, great flash abilities to stream web content, great call quality, very pretty screen.
I installed a 16 Gb micro SD memory card type 4 and works perfectly.
For a phone, the full body sound from its stereo speakers was amazing.
I like speaker sound.
Earphones sounds as classic as Nokia always have been, sounds kinda loudy, wich is good when you are on your way to the University or to Work and you don't want to listen anything than your music.
8Ghz (Quad core though)Button placement (biggest con for me)Speakers (I'm used to front facing Harman Kardon speakers)Additional thoughts:The interface is a love hate thing for most people.
Looks and works as good as any smartphone on the market with Windows 10 near seamless integration across all Windows 10 OS devices and Microsoft cloud.
It is a good product I had one before I love it, that is why I bougth againg, but this one I got, came break, I have to take to the service to repair, because had trouble the microphone, it is not audible, I can not hear the person who is speaking and the problem is I live in other country.
the sound quality is loud however when you place the phone on a flat surface with screen up the sound is a little less loud , i guess they could of put the speaker on the side.
For Neg's, I would say the speaker phone could be a tad louder, flash for night time shots would be great and wish I could get a solid 3 days of use, otherwise I keep a charger in the car just incase.
Other notes:*battery life-it's a smartphone, so don't expect much*speaker-just as loud as, maybe even louder than, my sister's galaxy s3*camera-5 mp not so bad, flash great , image stabilization okay, video quality only good in youtube 720 hd mode*no security lock for apps/text messages, threaded messaging(great feature)*3G connectivityMore updates later***.
call quailty is better, I can hear the callers better, speaker phone is louder, its still pocketable, screen size is perfect, tad faster (1000mhz verse 600mhz), texting is easier due to larger keyboard, so I make less mistakes, love the address book, can add alot of info on each contact, 16gb of space AND you can add a transflash card.
2) Speaker: Sound is so clear and loud.
Brings and 8gb micro SD and I've considered getting a bigger one since the music and multimedia applications are so good :) Still haven't mastered video conversion so I can't opinion on that, but the videos it brought look awesome.
Don't get too excited about the GPS - it's good in that it works without a data plan but it does take around 5 minutes to load and you do really need a micro SD card to store the maps.
The description says new but the phone came used, when I opened the back to put in my SIM card there was dirt and went inside and smudges all over the speaker and camera lens.
I think the reason is that the speakerphone does not use the same volume setting as the normal mode.
I did have to go to the AT&T store to have them install a micro-SIM because my old phone used the mini-SIM so I could not simply swap it out between the two phones.
It has good loudspeaker, volume can go really high.
When I received the new phone I knew this phone was not a new new phone as stated, it had no manual, no headphone earbuds, did not have a workable audio mic and the Flipboard logo was constantly imbedded on the screen.
The speakerphone feature is useless because the microphones (both bottom and top) are very muffled and people on the other side can barely hear me.
The phone wouldn't interact properly with hands free headsets, certain menu options were unavailable.
)
Beautiful screen, WP7 nice OS but that's all, saddly it can happen to you to receive a defective phone, there are two main problems with it:-Problems with the cell phone restarting without end, this can happen after using an app, any app in my case it was skype or the maps application-Mic not workingEven when I was able to use the phone with the restart problem avoiding to use the smart part of the phone the mic problem rendered the cell phone into a piece of junk.
I really like this phone seems like it is made really good, I do not have AT&T as my sever I have devote30 for $30 a month unlimited and taxing ,and this phone works grate ,it is a perfect size phone not to big or to small, I like that fact that I can go to another server and use it as long as they take AT&T phones ,,I can here nice and clear,,I just like this red color ,its charges real fast and the battery lasted all day and that evening I was on the phone for over five hours calling everyone and giving out my new number before the battery went dead it did beep to let me know the battery was low, I have no regrets getting this phone thinking of getting another one just so I have it for the future,, in case I brake or lose this one,,I really like the different headset plug in its different then most it's long and flat plug but seems that it will not ware out like the other ones do,,you do need to order the right head sets for AT&T samsung a777,witch Amazon has at a cheep price, witch I did and it works grate or you can buy the adapter,witch I also did so I could use my more expensive head sets on it as well,I also bought the case for this phone and it is well wroth it,.
Camera is small in MegaPixel but the seamless Panoramic Patch-View mode that stitches together pictures by connecting invisible "floating boxes" works really well.
The volume on calls could also be better for those in loud environments.
Supposedly something came lose and they don't care because as far as they are concerned it's "Beyond Economical Repair".
Touch screen works well, great sounds, can make pretty high speaker volume on a speaker phone.
The speakers are not that loud enough to notice a incoming call.
The speaker distorts sound if it is set at max but although I would expect better from a phone advertised exclusively as for music, it is typical of almost anything I have had plus I usually have on the earphones so the sound in not on max that makes this mostly a non-issue for me.
But it's nice that the USB port and the port for charging battery and for speakers are all on the top of the cell phone and not on the bottom or the side- The Nokia ovi app store is propably the worst thing on this phone.
I like the alalrm feature the best as the music is loud and can really wake me up.
The volume range is very good and the stereo speakers work surprisingly well.
Also I'm hearing impaired and the ring tone would not be loud enough for me to hear unless I held phone up against my ear.
Screen too sensitive to touchRinger not loud enough.
Its designs is very attractive, runs WiFi very fast, sound of speakers is great and loud, etc.
Unusual features like a micro SD slot and Bluetooth connectivity put it ahead of standard flip phones of the period, and the design is extremely user friendly.
one thing that has happened is my phone when taking pictures with flash on wiline just turn off by itself and I have to take the entire phone apart and take the battery off just to get it to come back on and Ivery notice that when phone is on speaker phone Noone can hear me while I'm talking other then that the phone is great.
Several times now, the phone has "frozen" and begun vibrating and buzzing loudly.
Before running the phone I charged the battery and installed an additional 8gb micro sd card I got for 19.
the sound quality is loud however when you place the phone on a flat surface with screen up the sound is a little less loud , i guess they could of put the speaker on the side.
The phone is pretty much as expected, case is perfect, screen is perfect, its like new but its a phone and therefore i have to be able to actually HEAR people with it in other words the auricular is messed up, i cannot use it unless i put it on speaker phone, big dissapointment.
contacts and calendar syncs with the microsoft cloud, so bye bye outlook and active sync, for good you dont need office license anymore to sync and backup your contacts and calendar, just an hotmail account and you are set.

