This is a good and durable cell phone, though I bought this 2 years ago at $75, so I guess is a little overpriced right now, compared to all new options available on the market these days.
If If you are not at&t costumer and want to use another sim card(international), you just need to remove at&t sim put in yours and enter unlock code, which is written on package of the phone.
Was a good stop stop gap phone for me in between phones for the price as well.
Good phone in a very good price.
This is a very good phone has most of the features that you would find in a more expensive phone.
Great phone very easy to use simple I love it works well price is great to.
Thankfully Amazon allowed me to return this phone and T-Mobile was willing to cut their price some since I had to buy it from them and wasn't happy about it.
Otherwise, the phone was very good -- lots of stuff for the price and the GPS works when you aren't in a service area.
but the costs of adding another data plan to the line was just outrageous.
(you will have a hard time with 1-800-CAL-WHAT)iPhone killer: (differences with the iphone)Better CameraBetter Music playersturdierBetter upgrading optionsLower costBetter browserMature OS (with Flash)Support for A2DP bluettoth (clear sound in bluetooth headphones)Better screen ResolutionMore touchscreen inputs (like stylus and handwriting)2 cameras and support for video calls.
It's pretty good phone for low this price.
but nowhere near the low price of this phone.
Excellent phone, well worth the purchase.
OK for its price and good for elder people who only use the phone for calling.
Very good phone for the price, look and feels well built.
If you are looking for a reliable phone that makes great quality calls, has good battery life and is reasonably-priced then this is the phone for you.
They feel cheap and are cheap, but they are surprisingly durable, have great battery life, and just plain work.
good price, good product.
)Still, it's overpriced, - but worth buying if you want a great product and good quality.
) Clarity could be better - the sound IS NOT comparable to a land line phone - but voices are less muffled than on the cheap Go-phones with which we've been making-do.
cheap), particularly the keyboard, but everything works just fine, which is more than I can say for the last two phones I bought for my wife that cost a lot more.
It's a good value for the price paid.
This phone is absolutely fantastic for the price, but some potential buyers may not be fully aware of what to expect when it arrives.
I read some reviews and the cheaper ones don't seem to work all that well.
it does everything i want it to do and more and it didn't cost any where near what an iphone 6 would cost.
Obviously, this is an issue with his hearing impairment, but it might be worth keeping in mind that even though the volume of the ringer can get loud, the ringtone may not be in a good frequency.
Excellent, I have not had any problems and the cost is very good, I recommend it.
With the $50 rebate, that puts the price to below $300 which is just amazing compared to what the IPhone would cost coupled with PDA monthly data charges.
If you want a phone that works good for SMS and calls, and do not want to spend more than $50, I think this is the best you can get for the price.
It's a good phone and well worth the price.
This phone costs same as iphone4 or any android phone(with contract), but with iphone4 you have to pay atleast $60 every month and there will be some hidden costs as well.
and the price is so good for the features.
Really good value on this purchase, this phone does a lot for a little price tag.
Despite the cost of this phone, it was a pretty good buy.
For the price of around $110, it is an unlocked feature (gsm/3g) phone well worth considering, as long as one knows that one is getting a non-smart phone and that apps for S40 is very limited.
But because Nokia markets this as an XpressMusic phone, you can use it with AT&T's cheap medianet data plans, or just use WiFi without any data plan at all if you prefer (I've got unlimited data for $10/month on the family plan).
I recommend waiting for a good price on amazon this phone price keeps going up and down during different days.
I just ordered some cheap rubber port covers to try to avoid the humidity issues that almost trashed it this summer.
The quality is good, as an used cell phone with a low price, the quality exceeds my expecation.
After reading all the reviews about this phone and seeing the price of an Iphone (well out of budget), I decided on this nokia.
A bit pricey for "just a phone" - but some people don't do well with Smartphones, and this is a genuine Nokia, solid as a tank and very familiar interface.
for just your basic phone, you can't get better for the price.
I currently live in Nicaragua and I had seen this phone on the market however it was extremely expensive ($480 aproximately) however for some reason I looked it up on amazon and it was a great surprise when I saw it was nearly $200 less here So I decided to buy it and I must admit I was a little scared to do so but I was greatly surprised when I finally got it in my hands, I had it sent over however the person who received it over there loved it as well and was surprised when he got it before the expected date.
Nokia is the brand that can be used in telephone, good price, excellent team, was a gift to my daughter and she liked it, easy to use and very affordable price, I recommend it.
- Tinny sound (both incoming and outgoing)- No volume toggle (but then, that seems common in these cheaper models)- Feels flimsy- Low-res screenAnd most importantly: NOT compatible with bluetooth earpieces.
If you don't want a smart phone this is a good choice, and many are available at a good price.
i have had this phone for about 4 months and is great u have everything u need on it, u also can download vey useful aplications so is like a little pc, very good price for than amazing phone.
And just to prove that it is this phone, I took out the sim, put it into a cheap GSM phone I own, and I have great call quality, no dropped calls, and it works like a charm.
Amazon has all the OEM accessories at great prices as well.
Moving on, the cellphone is good for the price.
Things that could have been better:1) dedicated volume buttons (although this might not be feasible at this price point)2) this phone comes with a flashlight mode that can be activated with the right nav-button combo.
This cel phone is very good with a very good price.
Until a few weeks ago I thought it was a decent phone, a cost effective alternative to a 2-year iphone contract and iphone data.
tl;dr: this is a good phone for people that like the Windows os, especially at the current price.
Overall I would say its a nice phone for the price but there are just too many phones out this summer to settle on this one.
volume is very good for inexpensive unit.
First - I am shocked at the $30 rise in price in just two weeks for this well-made phone from Nokia.
This is a really good phone for all of those people looking for a cheaper option for a good touchscreen smartphone.
It's more expensive than I would like it to be, but it has lasted about 10 months so far so that's alright I suppose.
But overall, I think it's a very good unlocked, world phone for the price.
I think it is a pretty good phone for the price.
For the price I think this is a very good smartphone if your lucky enough to get a good one.
plus:for the price has good featuresworks mostly finegood receptioncons:slow response timeno "alphabet" on dial pad view (hard to call for ex.
The signal is good, the volume is great, and the phone looks very good, not cheap made.
It is well worth the cost and does everything I wanted it to do.
This is a great mobile, it's a good cost-benefit relation.
Very good cell phone for the price.
Excellent device for a good price.
Is not the fastest, or the greatest, but, for that price I thing it's quite good.
I just wanted a practical high-tech phone at a good price (with no contract) and this seemed to be it.
good phone, especially for the price.
I tested it in all posibles ways and I am impressed with all funcionsI just love have free ovi maps for my gps and I dont have to buy it anymorethe only little thing is that no wifi included for this model but for his price was just a bargainand the best part is it works in every country with GSM network (In other words, ALL)You only can say enjoy it.
Good price, good product,good quality.
I had a flip phone, this makes texting easy , good price , too bad Windows Phones are not popular.
Great price and product as well.
Very good phone, and perfect price.
It's a good phone and well worth looking into.
The phone is really good for the price with the features it has.
While the 950XL is more powerful, the price increase is not justifiable at this time.
The price is right and the quality is fine.
The Bad-The phone is a fingerprint magnet and you will be constantly wiping-The screen is sort of plasticity feeling and not as nice as other touch screens-The phone is too thick, and if you get a cover(which you do need) it gets even thicker-The stylus is annoying and is easily lost-The graphics mess-up and freeze all the time, sometimes distort and you have to lock and unlock, or even reset in extreme cases, to fix them-Every couple of months the phone will get stuck and vibrate uncontrollably, you'll need to reset it to fix-It can sometimes get confused with orientation and won't known whether to be vertical or horizontal when you text-The setting take a little while to figure outThe Good-The phone is the nicest touch phone you'll find at such a low price-The customer service is helpful-It is very resilient for a touch phone and has withstood many falls and bangs (in part thanks to the case)-It seems like it will last you a couple years-It's a nice phone for someone on a budget who wants to get something a little nicer than a basic phone-You can browse the internet-You can download some apps and different features-I have never seen anyone else with the same phone at least here in Florida, and it seems to be a little more uncommon in the US, so you'll probably be the only person you know that owns one (which can be a good or a bad thing I guess)In conclusionIf you want a nice not too expensive touch phone, with some web capability get this phone, but if you're looking for and iphone or Android substitute look elsewhere.
Works well, and I'm not afraid if my kid will lose it (it's cheap anyways).
It feels good in hand (pretty heavy, not cheap, even though is a cheap plastic).
The phone itself looks good, however it feels a little cheap with the plastic housing.
The price is very good, but if you've ever used an iPhone you won't be satisfied with Windows OS.
It was basically a Samsung P3 with better sound and video while being a phone at the same time - all for the same price - with free movies, gift card, and accessories thrown in.
There are a good amount of free apps but the ones that cost money seem to range anywhere from $2.
To find a reasonably priced phone that did what I needed and did it well was appreciated.
Overall a good phone for the price.
Good item, good price.
It has all the features he wanted and it was a good price.
OVI not as well integrated as iTunes (but I hate iTunes anyway)Not sure what documents this thing can handle (pdfs will cost you)Your girlfriend will HATE the amount of time you invest getting set up, updated, downloaded, etc.
I am sorry, but I do not buy a "cheap" $340 phone, just to figure out how to make a phone call, or take a note, or make an appointment, or take a picture.
The map app is just OK (it's no Google Maps), the app selection is pretty lame (the Nokia store doesn't offer much), and the games that are actually worth playing and the phone can handle (it only plays Java games) are few and far between.
Well worth the money, nice little cell phones with no fancy features, just a telephone to have in your pocket.
Best feature, no MP3 conversion required, if you have lot of MP3 files on hard disk just drag and drop in few seconds, we can play, phone comes with 8GB of SD Card, can upgrade to 16 GB, that's more than enough, I had used the N95 earlier which costs double this price, this is not a NSeries phone from nokia, but it had all the features + touch screen of N series phone at half the price.
The $90 pricetag was a bit steep for just a basic phone but I wanted a proven product, just like my old one, in red.
I bought this phone for the advantages to NOT owning a smartphone: longer battery life, higher durability, lower cost, but still good at accomplishing what it needs to.
I got this product in a very good price; also I've never had problems with this brand.
It is not a smartphone but it has a very good browser with excellent wifi access, internet radio etc and it does an excellent job in features that I usually use in my Sony Xperia ion smartphone with a price much less than a classic smartphone.
work well for the price sent it to a caribbean island.
Very good phone for the price.
