Great phone at a great price.
great for the price touch screen very sensitive but love the key pad letter are larger than my old phone.
great phone at good price.
great phone, good price.
I really like this phone seems like it is made really good, I do not have AT&T as my sever I have devote30 for $30 a month unlimited and taxing ,and this phone works grate ,it is a perfect size phone not to big or to small, I like that fact that I can go to another server and use it as long as they take AT&T phones ,,I can here nice and clear,,I just like this red color ,its charges real fast and the battery lasted all day and that evening I was on the phone for over five hours calling everyone and giving out my new number before the battery went dead it did beep to let me know the battery was low, I have no regrets getting this phone thinking of getting another one just so I have it for the future,, in case I brake or lose this one,,I really like the different headset plug in its different then most it's long and flat plug but seems that it will not ware out like the other ones do,,you do need to order the right head sets for AT&T samsung a777,witch Amazon has at a cheep price, witch I did and it works grate or you can buy the adapter,witch I also did so I could use my more expensive head sets on it as well,I also bought the case for this phone and it is well wroth it,.
The price was great at less than $175.
Takes great pictures for the price range.
Good product at a great price.
very happy with the smartphone, running 4g right now with movistar venezuela carrier i recommend greatfully this seller, great seller, great price, great smartphone.
It is a great phone for any senior, and I love the 5 start touch button that allows the caller to get immediate assistance ( additional cost, but worth it.
Aside from that one thing, this phone is a great buy for the price I got it.
5 GB of ram which isn't really noticeable unless you are heavily multitasking- Camera struggles to focus and stay focused at times but otherwise takes great photos- Runs android Lollipop right now even though Marshmallow is out (I hear they are releasing an update soon)- No active display or LED notificationIt's unfortunate that the market is saturated with phablets and we have very little choice when it comes to conservatively sized devices, but all in all I think this is a great phone (especially for the current price of $264).
This phone is great for the price.
I like the phone, it's great for the price, but I'm writing this review to warn other buyers, the phone i got IS NOT NEW.
This phone is a great deal for the price I paid.
This phone is great and I got it for a good price ($485).
Replacement for my dad's phone (he's very low tech-LOL) and it works great and was a great price.
Got a great inexpensive plan.
The price was great the phone came brand-new in the box with the accessories.
This is a great phone for the price.
Pros:-bright super amoled 4 inch screen-gorilla glass-light weight-solid construction-fantastic OS, smooth, fast, and the most important thing for me, bueauuuutifly designed-great price-fully updated with mango 7.
Nice phone and great price.
Amazing Phones and a great price.
its big on techs without the high price.
For the price, this is a great, functional phone.
Rest is great for the price.
All and all for a two year old phone it is a great product at a really cheap price.
really good price,,we send it to my mother in law to argentina unlocked and it works great over there,,best thing ever.
It's worth every dime and the price was great considering that the phone looked brand new.
Apart from that great phone sold at a great price.
Great price and it brings back great memories of owning this phone.
Great phone great price.
This is a great phone, and the price I got it for is literally unbeatable, but be aware that you might not get it right away.
Its a really great phone and truly worth the money the processor is fast and hardly freezes or crashes.
This was product a great and it was offered at a very reasonable price, for a phone of that stature.
For less than the price of a used Iphone 3g, I got a factory unlocked phone that can do all the same things, but adds microsoft office, an hd camcorder, and the biggest factor is that this phone asks before distributing all your private user information.
I purchased a refurbished unit for a very inexpensive price & it works great.
It has worked very well for a great price.
The phone itself is probably great, but this particular Galaxy S5 was not worth $365.
( at time of purchase price was great ).
Love this phone, the price was great.
This is a good product, at an outstanding price.
Very nice windows phone, great price.
good smartphone and it's on windows 8 system works great an low price for this device , who want phone on win 8 but don't like nokia recomand this device.
Amazon's 1c price for the phone definitely was truly great.
the price was outstanding for the phone itself being that it is a rugged use phone.
A great phone for the price but doesn't work well with H2o.
great phone and good price.
8 gb internal memory is a plus, as no other unlocked phone at this price offers such a big amount of internal storage.
So far the speed and features of this Zenfone 2 seems as nice if not better, and the price was great.
If I had the choice of price and phone from any other carrier (definitely Epic4G would be a great choice) I would have taken it.
Great device foe a greate price.
] The Samsung B2710 looks identical to the Samsung B2100, but is a slightly bigger phone with larger battery, anti-scratch window, higher resolution screen, and a G4/MPEG4 phone; however the Samsung B2719 will cost you twice a much.
Overal great device and good price.
Outstanding phone at a great price.
8 that AT&T will not allow Microsoft to push to your phone, but overall this is a great entry-level smart phone and you simply cannot beat the price now that it has been out a couple of years.
Great price for a great phone.
I purchased this UNLOCKED Samsung Focus I917 with BUYING IT and definitively it is a great option to save money because offer the most important features that any expensive smartphones must have, but it cost less than 50% of them.
Phone price great.
Price is good and the phone is great considering it is 2 generations old, but for 1/3 the price of the s7, I'll take it.
