This is a good and durable cell phone, though I bought this 2 years ago at $75, so I guess is a little overpriced right now, compared to all new options available on the market these days.
If If you are not at&t costumer and want to use another sim card(international), you just need to remove at&t sim put in yours and enter unlock code, which is written on package of the phone.
A friend mentioned this phone to me and it worth what he said.
It was basically a Samsung P3 with better sound and video while being a phone at the same time - all for the same price - with free movies, gift card, and accessories thrown in.
I ended up buying the 5800 from Amazon at a reasonable $302 which was the same cost as the 16gb Iphone minus the 2 year contract.
I will not convince anyone to buy the Lumia 640, it is a matter of taste, I value the price, the equipment and the basics I need a phone.
The quality is good, as an used cell phone with a low price, the quality exceeds my expecation.
Great phone very easy to use simple I love it works well price is great to.
Yes, I would and knowing what has been presented here, and in other reviews for the price, I would recommend the phone to others who are considering it vs.
First off the phone took 2 weeks to arrive and when it finally arrived I found out it was a refurbished phone (which was never mentioned)The box the phone came in was ripped up and contents were cheaply wrapped in plastic that is how I knew it was refurbished.
Thankfully Amazon allowed me to return this phone and T-Mobile was willing to cut their price some since I had to buy it from them and wasn't happy about it.
Otherwise, the phone was very good -- lots of stuff for the price and the GPS works when you aren't in a service area.
But because Nokia markets this as an XpressMusic phone, you can use it with AT&T's cheap medianet data plans, or just use WiFi without any data plan at all if you prefer (I've got unlimited data for $10/month on the family plan).
(you will have a hard time with 1-800-CAL-WHAT)iPhone killer: (differences with the iphone)Better CameraBetter Music playersturdierBetter upgrading optionsLower costBetter browserMature OS (with Flash)Support for A2DP bluettoth (clear sound in bluetooth headphones)Better screen ResolutionMore touchscreen inputs (like stylus and handwriting)2 cameras and support for video calls.
GREAT to be able to buy a low cost phone without a 2 year obligation.
This cellphone is cheap in price and quality.
You will be able to squeeze a lot of use out of this phone on the cheap and enjoy doing it.
But is worth it cuz this phone is really fast and the apps from Microsoft and Lumia are wonderful.
Nice having a bigger screen without forking out for a Samsung or Iphone (shows my age im so cheap.
Great phone, at this price point the look an feel should be more premium, specially in the case.
This is a really good phone for all of those people looking for a cheaper option for a good touchscreen smartphone.
nice phone for the price.
I wanted a reasonably priced smartphone that allowed access to the web, made phone calls, had gps, a decent camera, etc etc that was NOT an IPhone.
but nowhere near the low price of this phone.
Excellent phone, well worth the purchase.
The phone is a touch phone that comes with a little stylus, which is lost easily but very cheap and easy to replace if you buy spares on eBay.
OK for its price and good for elder people who only use the phone for calling.
Bottom line: If you want a great phone for the price this is it.
If you are looking for a reliable phone that makes great quality calls, has good battery life and is reasonably-priced then this is the phone for you.
high hardware at low cost+ same configuration screens as our Windows pc's (for a telephone)+ Accept W10 Mobile+ Good recepetion, speed, functionsCons:- With W10 not working sync with icloud anymore- some not common apps no available (i.
Don't even bother trying to play Temple Run on this phone; there's no java version out there worth talking about.
For the price I think this phone has great value, it was one of the cheapest I could find with wifi, great for music and movies (forget games and apps).
This was a cheap phone and I guess you get what you pay for.
you cant go wrong for the price of a touchscreen 3g phone.
I signed up for the free trial and it was useful, but my Garmin does a better job, but the Garmin was more expensive than this phone and that is its primary function.
The map app is just OK (it's no Google Maps), the app selection is pretty lame (the Nokia store doesn't offer much), and the games that are actually worth playing and the phone can handle (it only plays Java games) are few and far between.
1 cheap plastic body of phone.
cheap), particularly the keyboard, but everything works just fine, which is more than I can say for the last two phones I bought for my wife that cost a lot more.
If you are looking for a reasonably priced phone with lots of features, you should definitely consider the Nokia 5800.
When the Nokia literally took a nap with the fishes, I looked around for a new phone and ultimately decided I would buy another 301 - until I saw how outrageously they are now priced.
OVI Suite makes life a little easier - backups, edits, map downloads, syncing, seamless so farEssentially UNDER priced given its capabilities (compare this phone to a 4-600 dollar newer phone)Feels like a true open-source, unlocked phone (unlike Google's ad machines and Apples prison-camp approach to technology)decent camera with functional macro lensCons:UI is not an A+ - more like a solid B.
Very good phone for the price, look and feels well built.
I give this phone five stars because for the price, who could look for a better deal.
Good phones for the price, was a great for the year I got it, I buy those for my parents and they like it.
All in all iphone is far superior hardware (and so it thrice as expensive unlocked) but your Nokia 5800 XM won't let you down.
I think this is one of the cheaper phones which has touch screen capabilities without having a contract (of 2 years usually) and no data plan required.
I was looking for a smart phone without a contract that doesnt cost an arm or a leg.
For the price I got this on sale for versus how much cell phones cost locally, I have no buyers remorse.
This phone in an excellent phone at a great price.
Well the nokia 5800 is a really nice phone, great price at amazon as always, a bit on the chubby side, but is very easy to use.
The Nokia5800 XPress is really an outdated smartphone for a high price.
it does everything i want it to do and more and it didn't cost any where near what an iphone 6 would cost.
Great phone great price unlock.
Obviously, this is an issue with his hearing impairment, but it might be worth keeping in mind that even though the volume of the ringer can get loud, the ringtone may not be in a good frequency.
Good product at this price however it's outdated presently with so many new phones in market.
Not a lot to it, but for a phone that is so inexpensive, it doesn't what it's supposed to.
Great phone for the price.
one more thing I actually got a cover for the phone and I bought a reasonably priced 16 g microsd card because my 8 gb that the phone came with has 1.
If you want a phone that works good for SMS and calls, and do not want to spend more than $50, I think this is the best you can get for the price.
All in all, when I got the GPS working the way I wanted, I fell in love with this little phone - it is a true powerhouse for the price, and if it lasts, I expect it will be remembered as my first great smartphone.
It's a good phone and well worth the price.
equivalent to or better than other more expensive phones.
This phone costs same as iphone4 or any android phone(with contract), but with iphone4 you have to pay atleast $60 every month and there will be some hidden costs as well.
It covers the basic need for communication in a cool style cheap phone.
Good functional phone at a great price for anyone who does not want or need a smart phone AND no 2 yr contract.
It was a cheap phone, and it does exactly what I would want it to--take pictures, manage my calendar, store my documents, etc.
for just your basic phone, you can't get better for the price.
Great phone, excellent price.
Really good value on this purchase, this phone does a lot for a little price tag.
Personally the 640 is a better phone for less than a third the price.
Despite the cost of this phone, it was a pretty good buy.
Excelent phone for this price I think the best touch screen phone for less than $400 u can found, works perfect in Costa Rican services.
For the price of around $110, it is an unlocked feature (gsm/3g) phone well worth considering, as long as one knows that one is getting a non-smart phone and that apps for S40 is very limited.
Overall a good phone for the price.
Nice cellphone, I received it in excellent condition and it has great price.
This phone does all I expect of it for the price.
I recommend waiting for a good price on amazon this phone price keeps going up and down during different days.
I didn't find the phone expensive either.
Pretty cheaply made phone.
The signal is good, the volume is great, and the phone looks very good, not cheap made.
Absolutely great phone for the very attractive price.
Great, practice and cheap cell phone.
for everyone else: (i agree with one previous reviewer) why not get an iphone or android based phone for the same price.
Other than that, a nice, little cellphone for the price.
After reading all the reviews about this phone and seeing the price of an Iphone (well out of budget), I decided on this nokia.
This phone cost me 56 mil colones ($120) going through taxes and shipping here.
One last Con I discovered since I had to get a new phone: you can port a phone's worth of contacts TO the 301, but woe unto you if you need to port your contacts from the 301 to another phone.
Great Amazon price, quick shipment, way more positive add ons than the overpriced Iphone.
Phone is unlocked, highly recommend the Nokia 220 for people who do not need a humongous, bloated, battery sipping and expensive smart phone.
A bit pricey for "just a phone" - but some people don't do well with Smartphones, and this is a genuine Nokia, solid as a tank and very familiar interface.
This phone cost $299 in NZ for the same single sim model.
I got six movies (both hi-def and mobile versions) for this price and they all fit on the 8 Gigs of hot-swappable storage that comes with the phone.
I currently live in Nicaragua and I had seen this phone on the market however it was extremely expensive ($480 aproximately) however for some reason I looked it up on amazon and it was a great surprise when I saw it was nearly $200 less here So I decided to buy it and I must admit I was a little scared to do so but I was greatly surprised when I finally got it in my hands, I had it sent over however the person who received it over there loved it as well and was surprised when he got it before the expected date.
It's a decent phone for its price.
The phone is working for now but it is so cheaply made I wonder how long it will last.
Good phone for the price.
I had a cheap nokia a long time ago and I always found that it had the best reception and best battery life of all my phones.
The camera on it is horrible, I had less expensive phones that had much better picture quality then this phone.
Nokia is the brand that can be used in telephone, good price, excellent team, was a gift to my daughter and she liked it, easy to use and very affordable price, I recommend it.
Once the navigation also works (without data plan and go online), I really think this phone is EXCELLENT, especially compare its prices/functions with iPhone.
The screen is small compared to more expensive phones.
- Tinny sound (both incoming and outgoing)- No volume toggle (but then, that seems common in these cheaper models)- Feels flimsy- Low-res screenAnd most importantly: NOT compatible with bluetooth earpieces.
Excellent phone for the price, I recommend.
If you don't want a smart phone this is a good choice, and many are available at a good price.
Was a good stop stop gap phone for me in between phones for the price as well.
Good cellphone for the price it's like iPhone 5 performance but better.
And just to prove that it is this phone, I took out the sim, put it into a cheap GSM phone I own, and I have great call quality, no dropped calls, and it works like a charm.
This is a great low cost cell phone, and it is really easy to use, small and lightweight.
I got the phone at said time love the big screen but the charger looks so cheap but I don't no if is unlocked because I bought for someone will buy more stuff from this seller and is very heavy phone.
The 5800 does but my wife's E75, a phone released the same year and is much more expensive than the 5800, does not.
Things that could have been better:1) dedicated volume buttons (although this might not be feasible at this price point)2) this phone comes with a flashlight mode that can be activated with the right nav-button combo.
What I need is a smart phone with a real GPS, instead of A-GPS that requires a data plan (most of US data plans become horribly expensive in Europe).
This cel phone is very good with a very good price.
Until a few weeks ago I thought it was a decent phone, a cost effective alternative to a 2-year iphone contract and iphone data.
No worth calling it a cell phone.
Anyway, ill give an update later about how this all turns out but i really do think the phone is worth the money it may have some annoying aspects about it but you wont find a phone with all these features for that kind of price so if you want a nice phone and dont have a very large budget i would suggest this phone.
It's pretty good phone for low this price.
tl;dr: this is a good phone for people that like the Windows os, especially at the current price.
Had to get a SIM card for it so add that price above the price of the phone.
I bought this phone here because at the time it was $30 cheaper than what T-Mobile wanted non-contract.
It is very basic, which is why it's cheap, but it is missing some stuff I would have assumed even a basic phone would have.
Just not the smart phone price.
Perfect for what I want it for the basics yet still it looks and works like one of the more expensive smartphones.
I think it is a better phone for the money, cheaper phone but better quality and responsivness.
You simply cannot beat this phone's combination of features, performance and price.
I bought this phone for my mother - when I got it to her it never worked - turns out it was burnt out to start and the cost of fixing it was more than the cost of the phone to begin with.
Very good cell phone for the price.
Overall I would say its a nice phone for the price but there are just too many phones out this summer to settle on this one.
for a phone worth 275 almost 15 months ago.
First - I am shocked at the $30 rise in price in just two weeks for this well-made phone from Nokia.
Moving on, the cellphone is good for the price.
Excellent Phone fulfilling every minimum requirement as a low cost smart phone.
Doing anything other than making calls is simply not worth the trouble on this phone.
It cost a third of what my smartphone was costing me and has most of the features.
A really great phone for a small price.
I think it is a pretty good phone for the price.
For the price I think this is a very good smartphone if your lucky enough to get a good one.
I used the older model of their flip phone to death; this new one is much thinner and looks way better than what you'd usually get for the price.
Sure there are more expensive Android phones with higher specs but why spend the money when you only do what I do everyday.
plus:for the price has good featuresworks mostly finegood receptioncons:slow response timeno "alphabet" on dial pad view (hard to call for ex.
It's a awesome phone with low price and a great performance.
i have had this phone for about 4 months and is great u have everything u need on it, u also can download vey useful aplications so is like a little pc, very good price for than amazing phone.
over all, I think this phone worth of the price, it still a nice phone since no phone is perfect.
Overall a decent phone that's a bit pricey and can be frustrating to use.
This is a GREAT phone for the many, many of us that want a PHONE, not an overpriced piece of techno glitter with a bazillion features we neither want nor use.
Has some scratches and wear and tear phones works fine but i got charger, sim cards and case box and manuals so not bad for the price.
With the ability to quickly swap out the SIM from my Berry to this 301, I've got a fun and useful duo for the same price as compared to upgrading to popular 32 GB models of other smartphones, while using the latest iterations of some longtime players in this still, relatively new field.
Also really nice to keep in my suitcase when I travel internationally because I can pick up a local SIM and walk down the street without worrying about someone grabbing my expensive phone.
I wanted to change her to a less expensive plan which is why I bought this phone.
I just wanted a practical high-tech phone at a good price (with no contract) and this seemed to be it.
good phone, especially for the price.
Maybe I am expecting too much from a 20 dollar phone; however, this product is so cheaply made, it could have been sold for less.
Regarding the phone itself, it's a decent inexpensive smart phone.
When the phone arrived I notice there's dust inside the screen, so I suspect it's a rejected one, but the seller sold it to me as a 'brand new' one, I paid for it at a 'brand new price'.
I thought it was a reasonable price for a Nokia touch screen phone with WiFi, 3G, GPS, etc.
I bought this because AT&T is raising smartphone prices to unfair levels.
This phone has all features that I need; it fits in my pocket with its small size - works great and so was the price.
THEREFORE, I presume I have been sold a used phone with a worthless, self-printed manual and a Chinese non-OEM battery.
Great phone at twice the price.
Recommend for anyone needing a smartphone like device at a budget price, since it still has web browser, whatsapp, internet radio, angry birds, etc.
I had a flip phone, this makes texting easy , good price , too bad Windows Phones are not popular.
I would not recommend the phone if it were more expensive(I paid $149).
This is a wonderful phone for a terrific price.
, faster than i think for the price, take a few days learn use Windows phone, but is easy; apps run fast.
I bought this phone for the advantages to NOT owning a smartphone: longer battery life, higher durability, lower cost, but still good at accomplishing what it needs to.
This is her favorite phone and I was so glad to find it on here and for such a great price.
Inexpensive cell for those not interested in a entertainment device but to actually receive and make phone calls.
I don't review phones often but if you're looking for a cheap (dare I say disposable) phone that you can use with two SIM cards that is Dual or Quad Band this is your phone.
Very good phone, and perfect price.
Reputation of Nkia where does it stand, manufacturing such an outdated model with a price of $ 149.
, the phone is not a genuine Nokia, is a cheap copy.
Now this is meant to be my back up phone but with excellent battery life decent camera and fast performance it has become my main phone atleast until the Lumia 950 is released this is priced below its value you point.
In short I chose this phone and adore it now due to its form-factor (not too big, not too small), its screen, its expandability and flexibility, its hardware features (GPS, Wifi, audio) and most of all, its competitive price/quality ratio.
However, if you want a relatively cheap high quality unlocked phone to use as a 'phone', I would highly recommend this.
I am happy with my purchase don't believe I over spent and may actually save in the long run by it being unlocked (I didn't have to purchase a more expensive plan, like with I phone).
5G network)Free NavigationDecent EmailSound Quality/Call QualityNo Contract NeededComes with some pre-loaded AppsCONsSymbian OS can take a little time to learn - it is NOT difficult - it is LOGICALBattery could be better for a 1320mah BatterySmall Data CableOVI Store - Getting Better All The TimeOVI Maps iffy for POI'sNot the fastest phone/GUI out - but ample - even for a heavy userNO Wifi - But for it being so cheap you can't complain.
It's a good phone and well worth looking into.
Feels cheap as a whole this phone is cheap do not waste your money.
Third, the initial price was attractive at about $277, but after paying $23 to ship to an FPO AE, the savings of purchasing online didn't really outweigh the peace of mind of purchasing the same phone at a local vendor, where I can walk over and have it serviced or returned immediately if necessary.
Is one of the cheapest middle-high-range touchscreen smartphones.
For this price this is an excellent phone.
Excellent basic and low cost phone.
It's unlocked and doesn't cost an arm and a leg like many other unlocked phones do.
This is a very good phone has most of the features that you would find in a more expensive phone.
I had owned various phones in the past and Nokia is the best on any comparison, for the Features available on this phone, had Apple had all these features it will cost 10 times more, most people don't even know it has extra camera on the front for video Calls along with the 3.
The phone is really good for the price with the features it has.
This product was great considering the price.
This is a great phone at a great price.
Compared to smart phones, this phone is pretty cheap at about $85 out-of-pocket, but since I am one frugal mama, that is still expensive to me, especially if it is going to crap out after only a year or two.
Where else can you get one of the best smart phones for the price.
(A new phone was cheaper than a new battery.
That being said, it is probably the best non-smartphone that you can find that will not cost you an automatic data plan charge on your bill.
The phone itself looks good, however it feels a little cheap with the plastic housing.
I wanted a cheap a nonsmart phone, and this phone works.
I'm so happy with this phone, I love windows phone, and this phone comes with the unlock code, (I bought two and the two comes with the code) I'm from costa Rica.
I would suggest getting some inexpensive face plate covers (front and back), since they faceplates not only provide protection to the phone, but also they cut down considerably on the fingerprints.
Nice phone at this price.
This is an excellent phone 4 the price.
When it comes to mobile phones Nokia always strikes me as being one of the most durable at a reasonable price, hence the reason my attention went straight for the Nokia phone because any mobile phone owned by my husband really needs to stand the test of durability as he doesn't take much care in protecting it.
It feels like a $50 phone; buttons feels a little cheap--not cheap but a little cheap--like $50 cheap.
To find a reasonably priced phone that did what I needed and did it well was appreciated.
This is the worst phone I've ever come across, even worse than my other cheap $20 Nokia.
i buy this phone bcos i want to use it as phone and i-pod like i-phone, i use t-mobile service which is far cheap than at&t's i-phone service.
A great basic phone at a fantastic price.
Low signal with this phone, although for the price, I'm happy to say I bought as a back up phone.
This phone is absolutely fantastic for the price, but some potential buyers may not be fully aware of what to expect when it arrives.
This phone fills that role and meets my cost guidelines.
simple, classic telephone for an extremely low price.
My only complaint is that the microphone suffers from the weird problem that cheap cell phones tend to have - that noises originating from 10-15 feet away from the phone come through much louder than the voice of the person holding the phone.
an amazing phone for this price.
I bought this phone mainly because I couldn't afford the high cost of AT&T's iPhone monthly packages.
It isn't as high tech as an iphone, but its close to it with a cheaper price(without having to get a contract).
I am sorry, but I do not buy a "cheap" $340 phone, just to figure out how to make a phone call, or take a note, or make an appointment, or take a picture.
Low cost phone.
The Bad-The phone is a fingerprint magnet and you will be constantly wiping-The screen is sort of plasticity feeling and not as nice as other touch screens-The phone is too thick, and if you get a cover(which you do need) it gets even thicker-The stylus is annoying and is easily lost-The graphics mess-up and freeze all the time, sometimes distort and you have to lock and unlock, or even reset in extreme cases, to fix them-Every couple of months the phone will get stuck and vibrate uncontrollably, you'll need to reset it to fix-It can sometimes get confused with orientation and won't known whether to be vertical or horizontal when you text-The setting take a little while to figure outThe Good-The phone is the nicest touch phone you'll find at such a low price-The customer service is helpful-It is very resilient for a touch phone and has withstood many falls and bangs (in part thanks to the case)-It seems like it will last you a couple years-It's a nice phone for someone on a budget who wants to get something a little nicer than a basic phone-You can browse the internet-You can download some apps and different features-I have never seen anyone else with the same phone at least here in Florida, and it seems to be a little more uncommon in the US, so you'll probably be the only person you know that owns one (which can be a good or a bad thing I guess)In conclusionIf you want a nice not too expensive touch phone, with some web capability get this phone, but if you're looking for and iphone or Android substitute look elsewhere.
Good phone in a very good price.
) Clarity could be better - the sound IS NOT comparable to a land line phone - but voices are less muffled than on the cheap Go-phones with which we've been making-do.
It's a great price for a basic phone.
Well worth the money, nice little cell phones with no fancy features, just a telephone to have in your pocket.
Best feature, no MP3 conversion required, if you have lot of MP3 files on hard disk just drag and drop in few seconds, we can play, phone comes with 8GB of SD Card, can upgrade to 16 GB, that's more than enough, I had used the N95 earlier which costs double this price, this is not a NSeries phone from nokia, but it had all the features + touch screen of N series phone at half the price.
and costs lot less than Iphone too, so I ordered it.
The $90 pricetag was a bit steep for just a basic phone but I wanted a proven product, just like my old one, in red.
But overall, I think it's a very good unlocked, world phone for the price.
Aparently some carriers here are not very friendly with unlocked phones some apps that require internet accses like "Whatsapp" are not supported or barely suported, I had to change the data packet acces point manually to use internet and still I have a lot of limitations and I will probaly have to move to a more stable but expensive carrier like Digitel or Movistar.
It is not a smartphone but it has a very good browser with excellent wifi access, internet radio etc and it does an excellent job in features that I usually use in my Sony Xperia ion smartphone with a price much less than a classic smartphone.
It is made of plastic (and feels a bit flimsy), but for the price, it is a great phone.
Although it is not perfect, i'll give it five stars since it's one of the most complete cellphones in the market, specially considering the price.
And fortunately, the cost is low and it probably will serve our needs to use it only as an emergency type phone.
for the price you get a lot of features that are competitive with some of the more popular phones.
Good phone, excellent price.
I have been eyeing this phone for months watching for a price break, which finally happened last week.
I'm still giving 4 stars to this phone, since it was so cheap, and does work fine as a phone.
Very good phone for the price.
Refurbished but came like new, excellent phone for the price.
