This is a good and durable cell phone, though I bought this 2 years ago at $75, so I guess is a little overpriced right now, compared to all new options available on the market these days.
$50 or less is a more realistic price, provided you are willing to deal with all its shortcomings and software bugs.
If If you are not at&t costumer and want to use another sim card(international), you just need to remove at&t sim put in yours and enter unlock code, which is written on package of the phone.
i have had this phone for about 4 months and is great u have everything u need on it, u also can download vey useful aplications so is like a little pc, very good price for than amazing phone.
over all, I think this phone worth of the price, it still a nice phone since no phone is perfect.
I will not convince anyone to buy the Lumia 640, it is a matter of taste, I value the price, the equipment and the basics I need a phone.
For the price, I can't beat it.
Great phone very easy to use simple I love it works well price is great to.
Yes, I would and knowing what has been presented here, and in other reviews for the price, I would recommend the phone to others who are considering it vs.
Although it is not perfect, i'll give it five stars since it's one of the most complete cellphones in the market, specially considering the price.
5 star PHONE for it's price.
Thankfully Amazon allowed me to return this phone and T-Mobile was willing to cut their price some since I had to buy it from them and wasn't happy about it.
Otherwise, the phone was very good -- lots of stuff for the price and the GPS works when you aren't in a service area.
5 stars because at this price ($35) there's no way you're going to get something better.
but the costs of adding another data plan to the line was just outrageous.
(you will have a hard time with 1-800-CAL-WHAT)iPhone killer: (differences with the iphone)Better CameraBetter Music playersturdierBetter upgrading optionsLower costBetter browserMature OS (with Flash)Support for A2DP bluettoth (clear sound in bluetooth headphones)Better screen ResolutionMore touchscreen inputs (like stylus and handwriting)2 cameras and support for video calls.
GREAT to be able to buy a low cost phone without a 2 year obligation.
This cellphone is cheap in price and quality.
There are a good amount of free apps but the ones that cost money seem to range anywhere from $2.
It doesn't look as cool as the newer DROID or iPhone GUI, however look at the price compared to them, and you don't have to sell your soul to AT&T or T-Mo.
Great phone, at this price point the look an feel should be more premium, specially in the case.
Convenient price.
I wanted a reasonably priced smartphone that allowed access to the web, made phone calls, had gps, a decent camera, etc etc that was NOT an IPhone.
This is an excellent phone 4 the price.
OVI Suite makes life a little easier - backups, edits, map downloads, syncing, seamless so farEssentially UNDER priced given its capabilities (compare this phone to a 4-600 dollar newer phone)Feels like a true open-source, unlocked phone (unlike Google's ad machines and Apples prison-camp approach to technology)decent camera with functional macro lensCons:UI is not an A+ - more like a solid B.
All this for a reasonable price without a contract.
OK for its price and good for elder people who only use the phone for calling.
Very good phone for the price, look and feels well built.
Great price.
Simplicity at a great price.
One great difference is that the Nokia 603 cost me only a fraction of the price I paid and would have to pay for a new Nokia 808.
If you are looking for a reliable phone that makes great quality calls, has good battery life and is reasonably-priced then this is the phone for you.
Half price in Target.
high hardware at low cost+ same configuration screens as our Windows pc's (for a telephone)+ Accept W10 Mobile+ Good recepetion, speed, functionsCons:- With W10 not working sync with icloud anymore- some not common apps no available (i.
But when I think about it costing only $20 - I get a whole lot happier.
It's unlocked and doesn't cost an arm and a leg like many other unlocked phones do.
For the price I think this phone has great value, it was one of the cheapest I could find with wifi, great for music and movies (forget games and apps).
good price, good product.
This is her favorite phone and I was so glad to find it on here and for such a great price.
)Still, it's overpriced, - but worth buying if you want a great product and good quality.
Red isn't my favorite color, but I settled for it because of the price.
It's a good value for the price paid.
Until a few weeks ago I thought it was a decent phone, a cost effective alternative to a 2-year iphone contract and iphone data.
I can't stand locked-down, over priced products that fail to really create compelling value for users that pay for the total package.
unfortunately everything that it came with before as standard accessories were missing or in more appropriate words reduced (hence the price cut perhaps.
ok for price.
cheap), particularly the keyboard, but everything works just fine, which is more than I can say for the last two phones I bought for my wife that cost a lot more.
When the Nokia literally took a nap with the fishes, I looked around for a new phone and ultimately decided I would buy another 301 - until I saw how outrageously they are now priced.
It is no iPhone, but given it doesn't require an expensive data plan and its price, it is certainly perfectly fine.
It also feels and despite the price looks nifty.
I give this phone five stars because for the price, who could look for a better deal.
Good phones for the price, was a great for the year I got it, I buy those for my parents and they like it.
It was basically a Samsung P3 with better sound and video while being a phone at the same time - all for the same price - with free movies, gift card, and accessories thrown in.
I was looking for a smart phone without a contract that doesnt cost an arm or a leg.
](Personally, I find the shipping costs to be ridiculous from both places, but I was unable to find this item from any other source other than Amazon or Dekart directly.
This phone fills that role and meets my cost guidelines.
This phone in an excellent phone at a great price.
Or at least I would if it hadn't doubled in price since I bought it.
The Nokia5800 XPress is really an outdated smartphone for a high price.
it does everything i want it to do and more and it didn't cost any where near what an iphone 6 would cost.
Great phone great price unlock.
Good product at this price however it's outdated presently with so many new phones in market.
Moving on, the cellphone is good for the price.
) Rather than pay the new extortion price, I hopped over to Kroger and bought a $20 Go Phone.
Great phone for the price.
Excellent, I have not had any problems and the cost is very good, I recommend it.
one more thing I actually got a cover for the phone and I bought a reasonably priced 16 g microsd card because my 8 gb that the phone came with has 1.
If you want a phone that works good for SMS and calls, and do not want to spend more than $50, I think this is the best you can get for the price.
It has most of the stuff you would get in an iPhone for 1/5 the price.
It's a good phone and well worth the price.
Total cost was $[.
Great feautures for the price.
A bit pricey for "just a phone" - but some people don't do well with Smartphones, and this is a genuine Nokia, solid as a tank and very familiar interface.
Otherwise its excellent and a great price.
But the 5800XM have similars features but you pay half price.
This is an excellent product at an great price.
Good functional phone at a great price for anyone who does not want or need a smart phone AND no 2 yr contract.
I gave it 4 stars because of the high price I paid.
I got six movies (both hi-def and mobile versions) for this price and they all fit on the 8 Gigs of hot-swappable storage that comes with the phone.
for just your basic phone, you can't get better for the price.
Great phone, excellent price.
Image quality from camera falls a bit behind Lumia 950, but the price is unbeatable.
Really good value on this purchase, this phone does a lot for a little price tag.
Personally the 640 is a better phone for less than a third the price.
Despite the cost of this phone, it was a pretty good buy.
Well the nokia 5800 is a really nice phone, great price at amazon as always, a bit on the chubby side, but is very easy to use.
Excelent phone for this price I think the best touch screen phone for less than $400 u can found, works perfect in Costa Rican services.
For the price of around $110, it is an unlocked feature (gsm/3g) phone well worth considering, as long as one knows that one is getting a non-smart phone and that apps for S40 is very limited.
Excellent price for excellent product.
Nice cellphone, I received it in excellent condition and it has great price.
Good @ the price.
This phone does all I expect of it for the price.
I recommend waiting for a good price on amazon this phone price keeps going up and down during different days.
This is usually an extra-cost item you have to pay for.
My daughter wanted an iPhone but even she agreed it was overpriced.
Now I find out that the price droppes by 20 dollars to 240$.
The quality is good, as an used cell phone with a low price, the quality exceeds my expecation.
we are living in costa rica so i needed something unlocked.
Absolutely great phone for the very attractive price.
for everyone else: (i agree with one previous reviewer) why not get an iphone or android based phone for the same price.
My iPhone gets weird sometimes too and was 10x the price.
Other than that, a nice, little cellphone for the price.
After reading all the reviews about this phone and seeing the price of an Iphone (well out of budget), I decided on this nokia.
A great basic phone at a fantastic price.
Great Amazon price, quick shipment, way more positive add ons than the overpriced Iphone.
Excellent for using in an international trip when a data roaming costs much money.
Actually I am rating this as 5 due to Amazon reliability, excellent prices, great customer service and schedule adherence.
Looks, cost and user friendly appeal is second to none.
This phone cost $299 in NZ for the same single sim model.
It's a decent phone for its price.
This phone cost me 56 mil colones ($120) going through taxes and shipping here.
Bottom line: If you want a great phone for the price this is it.
Nokia is the brand that can be used in telephone, good price, excellent team, was a gift to my daughter and she liked it, easy to use and very affordable price, I recommend it.
Once the navigation also works (without data plan and go online), I really think this phone is EXCELLENT, especially compare its prices/functions with iPhone.
Plus, I wanted this all at a reasonable price since I would not be getting any plan subsidy.
In short I chose this phone and adore it now due to its form-factor (not too big, not too small), its screen, its expandability and flexibility, its hardware features (GPS, Wifi, audio) and most of all, its competitive price/quality ratio.
I ended up buying the 5800 from Amazon at a reasonable $302 which was the same cost as the 16gb Iphone minus the 2 year contract.
Excellent phone for the price, I recommend.
If you don't want a smart phone this is a good choice, and many are available at a good price.
is a Chinese product of very poor quality, this is a scam, it is not an original Nokia product, the price is not also worth the cover of the battery defective wine, in addition to last long in coming, not recommended at all the reputation of seller, I hope amazon punish him for mocking their customers.
Good cellphone for the price it's like iPhone 5 performance but better.
With the $50 rebate, that puts the price to below $300 which is just amazing compared to what the IPhone would cost coupled with PDA monthly data charges.
I was going to wait until the N97 was released but the $600 or $700 price tag was too much to take.
Amazon has all the OEM accessories at great prices as well.
This is a great low cost cell phone, and it is really easy to use, small and lightweight.
But, hey, none of the high-priced and over-sized iPhones are perfect either.
Things that could have been better:1) dedicated volume buttons (although this might not be feasible at this price point)2) this phone comes with a flashlight mode that can be activated with the right nav-button combo.
My advice is stay away even at this modest price.
This cel phone is very good with a very good price.
Perfecto condition, great price.
And while I like some of the features of the Amazon 2720 better than the WalMart 2720, for the price, I'd go with the WalMart 2720 for $31/shipped to the store.
Good product for the price.
) are very reasonably priced compared to some other brands.
For the price that i pay.
It's pretty good phone for low this price.
tl;dr: this is a good phone for people that like the Windows os, especially at the current price.
Had to get a SIM card for it so add that price above the price of the phone.
It isn't as high tech as an iphone, but its close to it with a cheaper price(without having to get a contract).
Has some scratches and wear and tear phones works fine but i got charger, sim cards and case box and manuals so not bad for the price.
It's nice and I love it for z price but I brought it for Africa so I will c how it work over there ;).
With the ability to quickly swap out the SIM from my Berry to this 301, I've got a fun and useful duo for the same price as compared to upgrading to popular 32 GB models of other smartphones, while using the latest iterations of some longtime players in this still, relatively new field.
Just not the smart phone price.
Overall a good phone for the price.
it works great in costa rica.
I bought this phone for my mother - when I got it to her it never worked - turns out it was burnt out to start and the cost of fixing it was more than the cost of the phone to begin with.
- You pay the price once and no need to worry about contracts.
nice phone for the price.
Overall I would say its a nice phone for the price but there are just too many phones out this summer to settle on this one.
They work like memory card readers, and range in price from around $8 to $30.
First - I am shocked at the $30 rise in price in just two weeks for this well-made phone from Nokia.
Excellent Phone fulfilling every minimum requirement as a low cost smart phone.
For the price I got this on sale for versus how much cell phones cost locally, I have no buyers remorse.
but nowhere near the low price of this phone.
It cost a third of what my smartphone was costing me and has most of the features.
A really great phone for a small price.
I think it is a pretty good phone for the price.
For the price I think this is a very good smartphone if your lucky enough to get a good one.
I used the older model of their flip phone to death; this new one is much thinner and looks way better than what you'd usually get for the price.
Can't beat the price.
The seller accepted it back and refunded the purchase price within days.
It's a awesome phone with low price and a great performance.
Was a good stop stop gap phone for me in between phones for the price as well.
This is a great mobile, it's a good cost-benefit relation.
price should be below $100.
Overall a decent phone that's a bit pricey and can be frustrating to use.
This is a GREAT phone for the many, many of us that want a PHONE, not an overpriced piece of techno glitter with a bazillion features we neither want nor use.
Low price does not excuse low sensitivity with low audio to boot.
Unlocked and the Phone is great for its price, the shipping was a little bit slow, but not seller fault.
Very good cell phone for the price.
I had owned various phones in the past and Nokia is the best on any comparison, for the Features available on this phone, had Apple had all these features it will cost 10 times more, most people don't even know it has extra camera on the front for video Calls along with the 3.
Best feature, no MP3 conversion required, if you have lot of MP3 files on hard disk just drag and drop in few seconds, we can play, phone comes with 8GB of SD Card, can upgrade to 16 GB, that's more than enough, I had used the N95 earlier which costs double this price, this is not a NSeries phone from nokia, but it had all the features + touch screen of N series phone at half the price.
Excellent device for a good price.
Just think about Verizon and AT&T announcing raising prices on data plans for heavy data users.
Is not the fastest, or the greatest, but, for that price I thing it's quite good.
My old 6350 was worn out after 2 years of use (and abuse), so this new 6350 is a perfect and low cost replacement that works great.
I just wanted a practical high-tech phone at a good price (with no contract) and this seemed to be it.
good phone, especially for the price.
This phone costs same as iphone4 or any android phone(with contract), but with iphone4 you have to pay atleast $60 every month and there will be some hidden costs as well.
I travel a lot and this is what I needed at a very reasonable price.
This item came up at the top of the list at the price range I was looking for.
I tested it in all posibles ways and I am impressed with all funcionsI just love have free ovi maps for my gps and I dont have to buy it anymorethe only little thing is that no wifi included for this model but for his price was just a bargainand the best part is it works in every country with GSM network (In other words, ALL)You only can say enjoy it.
It is well worth the cost and does everything I wanted it to do.
The performance matches its price.
This phone has all features that I need; it fits in my pocket with its small size - works great and so was the price.
Highly recommend, especially at the low price.
Great phone at twice the price.
Recommend for anyone needing a smartphone like device at a budget price, since it still has web browser, whatsapp, internet radio, angry birds, etc.
Good price, good product,good quality.
I had a flip phone, this makes texting easy , good price , too bad Windows Phones are not popular.
This is a wonderful phone for a terrific price.
But The price is 1/8.
, faster than i think for the price, take a few days learn use Windows phone, but is easy; apps run fast.
For the price I got it for (around $320) the competition would have less features.
I bought this phone for the advantages to NOT owning a smartphone: longer battery life, higher durability, lower cost, but still good at accomplishing what it needs to.
You can't expect more for such a price.
and the best part, it's price.
Great price and product as well.
If you are looking for a reasonably priced phone with lots of features, you should definitely consider the Nokia 5800.
Very basic, but is what I need for a low price.
and the price is so good for the features.
Very good phone, and perfect price.
The average iPhone, for example, can cost over 3 thousand bucks over 2 years.
the camera is ok for the price.
Not to mention the cost: $25 vs $200 to $600.
Reputation of Nkia where does it stand, manufacturing such an outdated model with a price of $ 149.
Good phone for the price.
Now this is meant to be my back up phone but with excellent battery life decent camera and fast performance it has become my main phone atleast until the Lumia 950 is released this is priced below its value you point.
It's a great price for a basic phone.
La configuración es un poco dificultosa ya que por defecto se conecta por la red de telefonia celular y en Argentina eso es todavia muy costoso.
It's okay, price is expensive.
This is what we found at a decent price and new at that.
I thought it was a reasonable price for a Nokia touch screen phone with WiFi, 3G, GPS, etc.
It has all the features he wanted and it was a good price.
I gave it 5 stars because of the cost to quality and feature ratio.
Bottom line, with this kind of price ($165).
Third, the initial price was attractive at about $277, but after paying $23 to ship to an FPO AE, the savings of purchasing online didn't really outweigh the peace of mind of purchasing the same phone at a local vendor, where I can walk over and have it serviced or returned immediately if necessary.
For this price this is an excellent phone.
(But it is still horribly overpriced at $200.
En cuanto a la calidad del equipo y del costo y de sus prestaciones es muy bueno.
Excellent basic and low cost phone.
after almost 3 months, no complaints so far and can't beat the price.
When the phone arrived I notice there's dust inside the screen, so I suspect it's a rejected one, but the seller sold it to me as a 'brand new' one, I paid for it at a 'brand new price'.
great product for a great price.
Anyway, ill give an update later about how this all turns out but i really do think the phone is worth the money it may have some annoying aspects about it but you wont find a phone with all these features for that kind of price so if you want a nice phone and dont have a very large budget i would suggest this phone.
The phone is really good for the price with the features it has.
This product was great considering the price.
While the 950XL is more powerful, the price increase is not justifiable at this time.
The price is right and the quality is fine.
The Bad-The phone is a fingerprint magnet and you will be constantly wiping-The screen is sort of plasticity feeling and not as nice as other touch screens-The phone is too thick, and if you get a cover(which you do need) it gets even thicker-The stylus is annoying and is easily lost-The graphics mess-up and freeze all the time, sometimes distort and you have to lock and unlock, or even reset in extreme cases, to fix them-Every couple of months the phone will get stuck and vibrate uncontrollably, you'll need to reset it to fix-It can sometimes get confused with orientation and won't known whether to be vertical or horizontal when you text-The setting take a little while to figure outThe Good-The phone is the nicest touch phone you'll find at such a low price-The customer service is helpful-It is very resilient for a touch phone and has withstood many falls and bangs (in part thanks to the case)-It seems like it will last you a couple years-It's a nice phone for someone on a budget who wants to get something a little nicer than a basic phone-You can browse the internet-You can download some apps and different features-I have never seen anyone else with the same phone at least here in Florida, and it seems to be a little more uncommon in the US, so you'll probably be the only person you know that owns one (which can be a good or a bad thing I guess)In conclusionIf you want a nice not too expensive touch phone, with some web capability get this phone, but if you're looking for and iphone or Android substitute look elsewhere.
Where else can you get one of the best smart phones for the price.
Works wonderful for the price.
for the price you get a lot of features that are competitive with some of the more popular phones.
Excellent feature set in the price range (sub $250) - Bang for the buck3.
But hey, N97 is coming, for a difference of price too.
That being said, it is probably the best non-smartphone that you can find that will not cost you an automatic data plan charge on your bill.
The SE Satio has been released, but not in the USA and it is pricey.
The only issue i found is that a little thick but the price is very reasonablle.
I'm so happy with this phone, I love windows phone, and this phone comes with the unlock code, (I bought two and the two comes with the code) I'm from costa Rica.
The price is very good, but if you've ever used an iPhone you won't be satisfied with Windows OS.
It's absolutely amazing the performance of this little unit for the price.
Nice phone at this price.
The price is amazingly cheap.
When it comes to mobile phones Nokia always strikes me as being one of the most durable at a reasonable price, hence the reason my attention went straight for the Nokia phone because any mobile phone owned by my husband really needs to stand the test of durability as he doesn't take much care in protecting it.
Great price too.
To find a reasonably priced phone that did what I needed and did it well was appreciated.
All in all, when I got the GPS working the way I wanted, I fell in love with this little phone - it is a true powerhouse for the price, and if it lasts, I expect it will be remembered as my first great smartphone.
Low signal with this phone, although for the price, I'm happy to say I bought as a back up phone.
This phone is absolutely fantastic for the price, but some potential buyers may not be fully aware of what to expect when it arrives.
Good item, good price.
you cant go wrong for the price of a touchscreen 3g phone.
simple, classic telephone for an extremely low price.
Can not beat the price it's worth it.
Good quality for the price.
an amazing phone for this price.
I bought this because AT&T is raising smartphone prices to unfair levels.
I bought this phone mainly because I couldn't afford the high cost of AT&T's iPhone monthly packages.
This is a great phone at a great price.
OVI not as well integrated as iTunes (but I hate iTunes anyway)Not sure what documents this thing can handle (pdfs will cost you)Your girlfriend will HATE the amount of time you invest getting set up, updated, downloaded, etc.
This product is nicely equipped with more than enough features, but for my sole opinion the price should be a little more lower to beat all other competitive.
Low cost phone.
I have been eyeing this phone for months watching for a price break, which finally happened last week.
Careful for the same price one can buy the C6 which is much better.
you can buy the Nokia X3-02 TOUCH AND TYPE WHITE Unlocked Phone this very nice, the price and the cost.
Good phone in a very good price.
if I could return at no cost I would do that, and buy my beloved Nokia C3-01.
But overall, I think it's a very good unlocked, world phone for the price.
However a down side is the app store from microsoft is a little behind the rivals (step up microsoft) overall its a great tool and for the price thumbs up.
Bur remember you get what you pay for, 5 stars is for the fact I paid such a low price and it is what it is.
and costs lot less than Iphone too, so I ordered it.
I bought it for an expensive price on Amazon.
The $90 pricetag was a bit steep for just a basic phone but I wanted a proven product, just like my old one, in red.
work well for the price sent it to a caribbean island.
For the rest as a power user you can't beat this price.
plus:for the price has good featuresworks mostly finegood receptioncons:slow response timeno "alphabet" on dial pad view (hard to call for ex.
I got this product in a very good price; also I've never had problems with this brand.
It is not a smartphone but it has a very good browser with excellent wifi access, internet radio etc and it does an excellent job in features that I usually use in my Sony Xperia ion smartphone with a price much less than a classic smartphone.
It is made of plastic (and feels a bit flimsy), but for the price, it is a great phone.
After a lot of hassle, these guys replaced with one Motorola for some extra charges and shipping cost.
In the mean-time, I'll be greatly enjoying a solid all-around experience with a ton of value added for a minimal cost.
Very happy with the purchase and the price is amazing.
Nice for the price but slow and small.
And fortunately, the cost is low and it probably will serve our needs to use it only as an emergency type phone.
easy to use and kind of pretty (for the price)my mom is really happy.
Good phone, excellent price.
Nice price for a heavy duty Phablet.
You simply cannot beat this phone's combination of features, performance and price.
It does not worth the high price.
Excellent Product for the price spent.
Camera quality is not great, but certainly not worse than say the Galaxy Avant or Galaxy SIII Mini, which cost more than this and have far worse and smaller screens.
Very good phone for the price.
Refurbished but came like new, excellent phone for the price.
