in i-phone u can unlock phone from screen itself and in samsung touch phones this key is push button key not the sliding key.
I like this feature, because I can put my family members phone number on the home screen.
I have a month with him and has not given me any problems, I like the touch screen, good sound, the memory of everything you want to save.
The Bad-The phone is a fingerprint magnet and you will be constantly wiping-The screen is sort of plasticity feeling and not as nice as other touch screens-The phone is too thick, and if you get a cover(which you do need) it gets even thicker-The stylus is annoying and is easily lost-The graphics mess-up and freeze all the time, sometimes distort and you have to lock and unlock, or even reset in extreme cases, to fix them-Every couple of months the phone will get stuck and vibrate uncontrollably, you'll need to reset it to fix-It can sometimes get confused with orientation and won't known whether to be vertical or horizontal when you text-The setting take a little while to figure outThe Good-The phone is the nicest touch phone you'll find at such a low price-The customer service is helpful-It is very resilient for a touch phone and has withstood many falls and bangs (in part thanks to the case)-It seems like it will last you a couple years-It's a nice phone for someone on a budget who wants to get something a little nicer than a basic phone-You can browse the internet-You can download some apps and different features-I have never seen anyone else with the same phone at least here in Florida, and it seems to be a little more uncommon in the US, so you'll probably be the only person you know that owns one (which can be a good or a bad thing I guess)In conclusionIf you want a nice not too expensive touch phone, with some web capability get this phone, but if you're looking for and iphone or Android substitute look elsewhere.
I liked so much this cellphone, include beautiful disign, longer battery, widescreen quality and the functionally.
I thought it was a reasonable price for a Nokia touch screen phone with WiFi, 3G, GPS, etc.
Can customize where to display contacts from - SIM, phone or both.
If you are looking for something easy to use and your main thing is the touchscreen maybe you should look for another phone.
It's my first 3g phone and I really like it, ease to use, good screen quality but the camera is not good.
Use of phone is like button setting, but touch screen.
Mine and some others have a small open area on the top right side where the top screen section of the phone meets the main phone section.
This firmware gives you kinetic scrolling (iphone like scrolling) and a lot of other fixes.
(you will have a hard time with 1-800-CAL-WHAT)iPhone killer: (differences with the iphone)Better CameraBetter Music playersturdierBetter upgrading optionsLower costBetter browserMature OS (with Flash)Support for A2DP bluettoth (clear sound in bluetooth headphones)Better screen ResolutionMore touchscreen inputs (like stylus and handwriting)2 cameras and support for video calls.
There is an update to the phone's software that gives it Kinetic scrolling but it's not yet available to North American users even though this is an unlocked phone.
Nice having a bigger screen without forking out for a Samsung or Iphone (shows my age im so cheap.
In other words, a good feature phone with smartphone features without the touch screen.
The phone powered up and displayed the T-Mobile information.
The phone is unresponsive and the screen is too small.
The display sort of looks like a wanna be iphone, and it responds fairly well to commands.
And the touchscreen is a bit hard to use with the fingers like touching an iPhone (I have an iPod Touch so I was waffling between this phone and the iPhone).
I like its touch screen, resolution is great, the sound is terrific and I can also watch videos from youtube.
I keep a Nokia N75 for backup but it was driving me crazy thinking I would have to use it for weeks; I use my phone way too much and have become quite addicted to the touch screen.
It takes photos, and records like a camcorder, this includes self timer, image sequence, brightness control, effects, whitness balance, and video share call16-There is a screen on the outside so you can see who is calling without opening the phoneAppearance1-Menu functions are easy to see.
Over all I totally recommend this phone to anyone who doesn't like advanced touch screen phones or those smart phones, this phone is perfect for someone who just wants it for taking pictures and talking on the cell phone for constant communication.
It is a neat phone, but one thing though you should be able to put the what's app icon on your display screen.
The phone randomly rebooted to the white screen again - except this time, I could not get it to turn back on properly.
This phone is a nice device for someone who is looking for a basic 3G phone (for voice, text, access the web with Opera Mini, and viewing Office documents on the move) with a touch screen.
high hardware at low cost+ same configuration screens as our Windows pc's (for a telephone)+ Accept W10 Mobile+ Good recepetion, speed, functionsCons:- With W10 not working sync with icloud anymore- some not common apps no available (i.
In my Sony phone, you just had to highlight a contact name and hit edit which took you to a scroll down menu where you could edit/input info.
hey this phone is awesome if you don't want a huge touch screen 2-hour battery-lasting phone that falls and breaks.
I got this phone because I wanted an unlocked phone with a touch screen and QWERTY keyboard.
I loved the way Nokia designed its first mobile touchscreen phone.
you cant go wrong for the price of a touchscreen 3g phone.
(based on the same Symbian platform as N81)You can press the green call for starting a conversation or you can touch a button in the screen to do the same, so why to duplicate.
I watched some reviews on youtube before I bought this and I was a little worried about getting it because in the videos, there seemed to be a big lag between when they pushed a button and when something opened, or when they flipped the phone it would turn black for a couple seconds before flipping the screen.
Another thing is when you want to get back to main screen simply closing phone won't do it.
It's pretty much impossible to dial this phone inadvertently since the screen locks and can't be unlocked without a deliberate swipe.
display went out, phone is not that old , junk, dont buy this phone you will not like it when it stops working.
The phone is light, fits well in the hand and the touch screen is beautifully clear and responds well with the stylus.
3) This phone has issues, it freezes at times and you get a solid blue screen, shutting down and a minute later and the phone is fine (happened twice in two weeks).
I seems that with this phone, the screen is super sensitive.
* The call quality is decent, and the screen is bright.
Many times the screen will freeze and the only way to get the phone working agin is to remove the battery.
I think this is one of the cheaper phones which has touch screen capabilities without having a contract (of 2 years usually) and no data plan required.
The phone has great features like wifi, Very good camera (two cameras), touch screen, and many applications.
The cell phone is ok but the screen resolution isn't high and brilliant as expected.
Once you get the phone you have to update the software or else you will be having weaker scrolling and weaker touch sensitivity.
only a little over 7 months of having the phone, my screen is constantly going out.
On the third week of owning the phone it will not power on,if by chance it powers on it freezes on the initial screen and you have to remove the battery in order to power it off.
- The Camera could be better though, and the flash doesn't seem to help, alot of the time sadly-VERY IMPORTANT, the real reason why i didn't give this phone (that I was reaaally excited for) is because the second day I had it, I used the tv- out cable to see some vids, it FROZE and shut off, now SINCE then there is a horizontal line around the bottom of my screen, and it NEVER goes away :'[.
but AT&T told me that its considered a smartphone BECAUSE it has Wifi and a touch screen.
Plus the screen cracked very easy after the phone was dropped from 3 feet.
Overall, it works great and, even though this is my first touch-screen phone, I find it intuitive enough to easily figure out what I want to do.
wouldn't you know it, the liquid screen went on my phone.
My only real complaint about this phone is that it does not have full-screen photocall (like my old Nokia phone did) and it doesn't let me view photos as organized by folder from the mini SD card (just views them as if they were all in one huge folder unless you specifically save them to individual "albums" and then only view the album that contains the photo you want to view).
Great battery life, fine call quality, annoying screen resolution and OS.
My major complaint is what appears to be a hardware issue with the phone that I've read about in other venues since experiencing it: the screen intermittently goes completely white and the phone will not respond to anything.
One of my best cellphone that I hadCamera okTouchscreen very intuitiveSoftware fineand Hardware perfect.
I love the size of the screen and the actual size of the phone.
Just got this phone and honestly, I prefer this touchscreen over others.
If you like to text and want a full keyboard (or the ability to handwrite using the stylus), keep documents on your phone, (bluetooth is quick and easy transfer back to computer), want to enjoy videos and music (with great sound), like surfing the web, want a GPS (with no need for a data plan), and are a techy-gadget person like myself who couldn't pass up the idea of having a touchscreen, this is an awesome choice.
With Nokia Black colors on this phone stand out and you get great viewing angles and outside the screen is just as nice, Nokia has done great with there black screen technology.
I have had to send mine in for service twice since I bought it, the first time for them to tighten the seams around when the phone locks and unlocks (it is a little switch that you push up to lock or unlock, which I find annoying and looks like it might break if you accidently push it too hard) which were coming loose, and the second time because my screen went black.
The phone itself is built very solidly for a midrange phone, there's no worry about dropping it and having it break on you, the screen is also very nice, this may not be the slimmest phone out there but it feels very comfortable in your hand, and the resolution looks amazing.
Amazon On Demand $50 gift certificate - While I don't see myself using the phone to watch movies, this was a nice treat and it looks very sharp on the screen7.
The phone fells good in the hand, the screen is really good for the density of pixels it has and the performance so far with games is decent.
The phone works great clear LOUD speaker phone, great fun snap shoot digital camera, great flash abilities to stream web content, great call quality, very pretty screen.
However, don't think that this touchscreen is even close to the iphone's.
Don't know how people hear me- It's nice that you have a little button on the side of your phone to lock your screen.
Excelent phone for this price I think the best touch screen phone for less than $400 u can found, works perfect in Costa Rican services.
I am very pleased with this phone and would recommend it for people who want a quality touchscreen phone and not necessarily an iPhone.
Is one of the cheapest middle-high-range touchscreen smartphones.
The 2720 screen is terrible, I can hardly make out anything that is on it and I dread the task of entering contact information.
Having been used to smart phones w/ touch screen, I surprised myself when I worked w/ it easily not having read the instructions to operate it.
I bought this cell phone because it looked amazing online and was packed with some great features like the touch screen, 3G support, wifi, 3.
This phone is totally recommended , basic functions good signal excellent touchscreen applications and light.
is an excellent choice if you are looking for a touch screen smart phone, I've had a phew touch screen phones in the past but this is the best one yet, the only thing that I wasn't 100% happy with is the camera is not a very good one when there is not much light, but the rest is fantastic, the different writing modes are the best, you won't even notice it's a touch screen, berceuse you can blast emails and SMS messages like with a keyboard cell phone.
The phone was left to charge overnight and by the next morning, there was no display.
This little phone does almost everything I want from a phone, tells time on the front little screen (until you have had one that made you open it to see the time you don't know what a convenience the front screen is) calendar, alarms, customizable main screen display, MP3 player, with some know-how and a micro SD card you can get your mp3s to play as ring tones, and great colour.
The gel cover (bought from "cbcelectronic" on eBay held up great and easily protected the phone from the many times I've dropped it and the screen is still like brand new as well because of the protective film.
One night when I forgot to lock the screen, I overslept because my phone alarm didn't go off-- the phone (which had previously been good for 6 days without recharging) had died because it called my best friend 42 times that night and left 4 long voicemails while I was asleep.
Version with Warranty (Black)This is a very good cell phone, it has all the great features one might be looking for, the screen is really large with high resolution.
While it is a little thicker than some other touch screen phones, it is also narrower and has a very nice fit and feel in hand while not being overly bulky in your pocket.
You can keep 4 contacts (with photo icons) on homescreen for quick calling, texting, etc.
very easy to use, all the basic things i needed on a simple but trendy touchscreen phone is in this one.
Impossibly to scroll down the phone book and stopping by the correct name.
Overall, I recommend (barely) this cell phone, great reception (although this might depend on your service provider), fantastic sound, fluent Internet experience, excellent extras, outstanding screen and resolution, perfectly calibrated.
When I received the phone I noticed there were 2 tiny scratches on the screen (one was deep), which I couldn't notice until I was outside with the direct sunlight reflecting off the screen.
Starting with the organized feel, splash screen, the way contacts are grouped and topping with the batter life which is just lousy, this phone just doesn't feel like a Nokia phone.
A really nice phone, battery life is good for a smart phone, the screen resolution is very good the its light weight, the memory is also expandable with an sd micro card 4g network makes browsing excellent.
Overall he says he is happy with it for its battery life and decent sized screen (an upgrade from his previous phone).
The Nokia 5800 honestly impressed me, though not so initially, but after a couple weeks of usage it has the tendency to grow on its user offering a solid and sleek feel, gorgeous display, and outstanding audio (the audio is really that good, through speakers and earphones alike, especially with stereo widening enabled, it is truly an experience).
The screen is small compared to more expensive phones.
- Tinny sound (both incoming and outgoing)- No volume toggle (but then, that seems common in these cheaper models)- Feels flimsy- Low-res screenAnd most importantly: NOT compatible with bluetooth earpieces.
It only uses the standard SMS technology, so I received many texts which the phone told me could not be displayed, and it took me a few weeks to figure out that I had missed some crucial messages.
Because of this, I was looking for an unlocked, quad-band GSM phone that had 3G, Wifi, GPS, a decent screen size for video and a good app selection.
I chose this phone over the old Lumia 920 my wife didn't like it at first, now she absolutely love it just for the size of the screen, it is mush easier to read from and lighter so it's better to use for a long conversation.
This was my second touchscreen phone, and overall it is a great phone.
Whats great about this phone is the touch screen is really user friendly.
)-maps application is not a good one-on-screen keyboard is painfulBottom line: good for someone who wants a compact easy to use phone without any advanced feature that smart-phones offer.
You can save your favorite 4 phone number on the home screen and creat button with an image icon.
The display is ok but if you compare with iphone4 retina display, this phone stays at bottom.
The phone would then just freeze at the screen.
I got this phone for my wife and so far she really likes it, it is easy to use, stylish, has many features, very good reception (our provider is att) & the battery life is very good as well.
I laugh all the time because I remember when these types of cell phones (that didn't have a colored screen) were the "it" phones back in my days, lol.
Bust out this 301 and pop onto the Xpress Browser or email your friend on their big screen pocket computer/phone and be prepared to see some shocked faces.
This is a very nice basic phone with extras like great screen graphics, radio and Ineedn't capibility.
As a media device it features second to none audio quality (with good encoding and headphones it sounds incredible), and a truly amazing screen for photo viewing and video playback.
The front display does not show the date, and takes so long to load the time that it is actually quicker to pull the phone completely out of my holder and flip open to see the time.
The only thing I don't like on this phone is the inability to delete unused icons from the menu screen, or to put icon shortcuts on the screen that you do use.
I like that this is a simple phone (not a "smart" phone, has no touch screen, menus are easy to navigate) but has all the features I need in a phone.
If a big screen scares you, then this phone is what you are looking for.
The screen resolution is not as high as iphone or samsung, BUT 1- it is not bad at all and 2- due to lower screen resolution, the battery lasts 2-3 days instead of 1 day.
This is a really good phone for all of those people looking for a cheaper option for a good touchscreen smartphone.
The 720p screen isn't as bad as people think, everyone thinks its all about pixels, but you can get nice crisp 720p screens, just like this phone has.
If you touched the phone, not even the screen, it would disconnect the incoming call.
the phone is stylish.
the phone will be on and flly functional, but the screen will not light up.
Not to mention, if I ever had the screen unlocked while I made a legitimate call, it would often put the person I was talking to on hold, open the call log, and attempt to call that person again.
Phone does not work wellThis phone first of all would not be charged with the charger included in the box, now the touchscreen responds at will, it is worst than my broken 5810.
She is more than 60 and she can barely see the screen of most cell phones.
The screen lock feature is great as it is on the side of the phone.
Sometimes the screen freezes as you are entering a text message and then picks up by dumping everything you've typed several seconds later.
As for the touch method, the iphone once again is kewler and smooth however the resistive touch screen is CLEARLY improved and does not hold you back.
I selected this phone with real GPS, free map, free navigation, touch screen, sliding fingers on screen, 3.
However the phone runs very fluent with W10 and screen is buttery.
I bought this Nokia cell phone because I used phones with a number pad before and didn't like using a touchscreen phone.
Best feature, no MP3 conversion required, if you have lot of MP3 files on hard disk just drag and drop in few seconds, we can play, phone comes with 8GB of SD Card, can upgrade to 16 GB, that's more than enough, I had used the N95 earlier which costs double this price, this is not a NSeries phone from nokia, but it had all the features + touch screen of N series phone at half the price.
In viewing the movies on the phone I was impressed at the display quality (16M colors, 640x) and more so with the audio quality - the stereo speakers were loud and rich, able to simulate the acoustic depth of the movie and I must say that it rivals some laptop speakers I have come across.
However, I was pleasantly surprised by how clear the screen is outside in the sunlight and how responsive this little 5" display phone reacted.
The phone screen I get broken, was disappointing and aldo no wifi.
I wanted a flip phone after having problems with other touch screen types of cell phones.
If you want that nobody has access to your phone then, you need to apply your PIN code to the screen locker.
It's a well-functioning phone (I like Nokias) with a touchscreen and my sister has one so I could play around with it before buying.
when the phone rings it cannot be unlocked on the screen that tells you it is locked but rather must use the switch on the side and then tap the answer icon on the screen.
I've tried a couple of my brother's phones and his are harder to control with scrolling, swiping, and accidently clicking things.
He's very happy now he doesn't need to struggle with the screen every time when the phone ring.
If you want a touch screen phone, get an Iphone or Droid.
Slightest movement would make the phone do who knows what even with the touchscreen locked.
The Nokia 5800 is a good phone but has its downsides:Pros:- Touch screen is responsive- The full keyboard is spacious- Has a stylus but isn't really needed- Feels sturdy- Comes with 8GB of storage- Decent camera for a cell phone,- Internet browsing is decent- Comes with Wifi and Bluetooth- Good music player/radioCons:- The memory card is very hard to remove.
When the phone arrived I notice there's dust inside the screen, so I suspect it's a rejected one, but the seller sold it to me as a 'brand new' one, I paid for it at a 'brand new price'.
I like my phone but some apps wont work the same like facebook and messenger you cannot watch live im a teenager so that's important but other than some apps camera works fine fast phone nice screen size beautiful hd viewing.
Being a nokia phone user for years, I am well accustomed to the features and interface even with some technological changes (like touch screen).
- I miss the 4 way button from N81 (HTC has one for their touch screen models too) This is especially useful to scroll over long pages such as contact lists, moving among missing calls, or just navigating the internet, where if you touch the screen you can easily activate a link.
Only issues is that the phone lacks an attachment point for a leash, a major pain for anyone keeping it in a purse or bag and the second display has few personalization options.
Video webcam available via 2 cameras, not locked on to a monthly $30 data plan like the Iphone, battery on par with my previous cell phones, touch screen is as good as it gets.
95/mo to display the city matching the area code of an incoming call.
The PRO's: Great resolution, camera and sound; integrated wi-fi; good memory capacityThe CON's: Poor capacity to arrange the menus as you wish; no easy use of the touch screen as Palm-like graffity.
liked the phone, but after a week or two the screen went crazy in the middle of a call and I could not see half the screen.
I got the phone at said time love the big screen but the charger looks so cheap but I don't no if is unlocked because I bought for someone will buy more stuff from this seller and is very heavy phone.
The touch screen is very good , as I never used an Iphone, but the sensor is good enough for you to use your finger on it.
Pros: Good screen resolution, good sound quality, nice headset.
Telephone bad, the screen stopped working a week of use.
super long battery life, clean live sound from speakers, easy to use display and on-screen keyboard.
It can do more than any other touchscreen phone out there today.
Fast delivery, received a decent phone, large responsive screen, the battery life is just about right although it takes longer to charge.
Though the proximity sensor doesn't always work when making a call, so my ear will set off the screen and get a vibration sometimes.
Speakerphone very good, yes OVI is a nightmare but overall a good quailty and fun phone, touch screen is a little hard but not bad.
I never used the iphone, and I think that this touchscreen it is VERY responsive.
Otherwise than that, the phone has good battery life, very clear headset speaker and back speaker is pretty loud, screens real bright and clear along with good display of colors.
In short I chose this phone and adore it now due to its form-factor (not too big, not too small), its screen, its expandability and flexibility, its hardware features (GPS, Wifi, audio) and most of all, its competitive price/quality ratio.
This is my first touchscreen phone so I can't really judge too much the keypad but it has full qwerty and I've found it a bit of a challenge to get used to.
Nice camera, nice sound, good touch screen.
Jacked up screen and all, I still use my 5800 daily as an mp3 player - and of course as a cell-phone.
I'm not a fan of "smart" phones or phones with touch screen.
Touch screen works well, great sounds, can make pretty high speaker volume on a speaker phone.
This is my 1st touch screen phone.
-Sometimes the phone in landscape mode, when you want to scroll down or up for example in some setting, it is freaking hard.
It's good feature compare to big screen smartphone that leak on charge.
a note: it's not the same touch-screen technology as most of modern phones use.
Well where should I should I begin, its great touchscreen phone comes with a memory card (8gb)so you can download music and movies if converted to the right format settings.
6 screen unlock key is provided at the side of phone.
Have to open an icon (My Stuff) then scroll to a menu item (Tools) then scroll to Recent Calls to see who called you when you were unavailable.
The screen is sharper, processor faster, phone takes nice clear pictures that are pretty much good enough, the ring and alert tones are more discreet and professional.
I can't remember the exact wording of the message displayed, but I looked on the Internet and found the message meant the phone was still locked.
This phone is really easy to read, has good bright screen that seems to be scratch resistant so far.
He said that he had to turn the volume down while using headphones and he said that the lettering on the screen was better than his old phone ( an Alltel SCH-U450 ).
-Black,blue and grey cellphone-Blue display.
After that time, I have had to either turn off+turn back on the phone or blindly touch the right section of the screen to access the web browser for the screen to start working properly again.
Negative: to conserve battery the phone shuts off the display until you open it, which means that you can't see the hour or if you have a missed call or a message.
You can put pics or an icon for people you call frequently (I think up to 5) on the start screen or set up a speed dial number.
This is a good phone although it seems to have a small screen.
some time it frozen the screen, you have to restart the phone to make it work.
I'm using it with a mobile company in Mexico and as soon as I turned it on, it got the signal, the screen is a neat widescreen (but very fragile, so be ready to buy a screen protector),I totally recommend you the phone and Amazon deals.
The display on the front (shown here) went out on my original phone.
I bought this phone for my husband because it seemed like the best alternative to an iPhone and similar touchscreen smartphones without the issue of having to pay the ridiculous "Smartphone Plan" fee.
you dont scroll the list from contacts like in i phone.
2 camera, touchscreen, more customizable than iphone, external memory, etc etc.
If you take out the screen part of the cellphone, it is a pretty solid cellphone.
Just like me she had a hard time using the touch screen, this phone is perfect.
The screen is bright and the app store isn't bad all and all this one helluva great phone.
On to the phone, it is very light and floppy, you can actually peel off the screen.
She had this phone for quite some time before and the screen on her old phone just went blank.
Gave up on touchscreens after the manufacturer of that phone replace the original and still had the same problem.
I got this for my disabled brother, who will never be able to use anything like a touchscreen phone, and it's perfect.
While using the phone normally it is looks as good as any other screen, but when watching YouTube videos it's lack of pixels becomes apparent.
This phone is good, very good even, with a good set of features (Wifi, GPS, good music mgmt, video, etc) and nice touchscreen.
I buy the Nokia cell phone to bring to use in Ecuador, but, when I turned on de phone the screen didn{t work.
Here are my pros and cons about this phone:Pros:1) Battery Life: I have had many touch screens (instinct, moment, hero, pixi, G1) and of all the phones I have had the battery life lasts sooooo much longer.
I used as my 2nd telephoneSummary:Pros:+ nice 4" screen same iphone 6+ good response speed in functions+ Most of the needed apps available (watsap, skype, tunein, twitter, etc, )+ with w8.
Dunno if it is just a defect in this phone or a problem with the touchscreen software, but that's why 4 stars instead of 5.
What you have to know about the X3-02:- Its pretty slim and small- They keys are good to write messages, what was the main thing why I need those keys- It has an interchangable memory card- You can use WiFi and download opera mini browser in the app store if you want- You can modify your start screen with a few things like showing your contact favorits, your calendar, notes, time, shortcuts to programs, but nothing special- I would say the call quality is pretty good, at least for me.
When I switched on the phone I felt that the screen was too cluttered with icons, the touch screen was not too responsive and the interface was not user friendly.
I still love my flip-phone, it has served me well, but now I need a touchscreen so I can text easier.
i just got this sweet phone from amazon a couple of weeks ago, and is a very good phone, it has nice features, the image is good, camera is good, touch screen is not as sensitive as the iphone, but is very good also.
For Example This will be my 3rd cell phone ever my first Nokia 3560 phone without a camera, second LG Cu500 has a camera and music player and 3rd Nokia 5800 Wifi, touchscreen watch and listen to media on the go.
display and sound is good.
It has decent processing power, a nice big screen, and a great battery life for a smartphone (3 days.
I can dial a call in way less time than my touchscreen smartphone.
If I ever had the screen unlocked, the phone opened either my call log or contacts and dialed the first number on the list without even being touched.
This is my first touchscreen phone, but i'd tried some before, and I really like the way it responds.
I have searched all over the internet and also made sure all the settings are the exact same as the old phone (it had a cracked screen after being dropped).
Upon restarting the phone, the OS would not boot past the Nokia blue welcome screen.
