Cool minimalist design, keys are tactile and the screen is bright.
The screen, however, is small for internet use, but it allows connection for email through various providers.
Too bad because I like the simple model, the screen is easy to read and I can carry it in my pocket.
I like this feature, because I can put my family members phone number on the home screen.
As a media device it features second to none audio quality (with good encoding and headphones it sounds incredible), and a truly amazing screen for photo viewing and video playback.
Pro-screen is good sizefairly easy to use if you do not have eyesight issuesswitch out mini sim card for easy set up.
The phone is unresponsive and the screen is too small.
I like its touch screen, resolution is great, the sound is terrific and I can also watch videos from youtube.
The touch screen is incredible.
The touchscreen is fantastic, and there are many useful apps available for download.
but due to small screen size, not much is gained by the higher resolutionCall quality is excellentBattery life: it will make it through the day on a single charge.
The touch screen is also nice or should I say tap screen and there are times that it takes a little while before it responds.
In our modern age of 1280×720 and above screens that may seem rather paltry.
On icon screens the 5800XM requires only a single tap to open but on some of the menus 2 taps are required.
You can keep your 4 favorite contacts on the main screen.
The screen is a bit smaller.
Functionality is very excellent and useful (multiple alarms, wife, touch-screen) but I have twice experienced that after charging overnight, the next day the unit will get very, very warm and will just die.
I think this is one of the cheaper phones which has touch screen capabilities without having a contract (of 2 years usually) and no data plan required.
This is my first touchscreen phone, but i'd tried some before, and I really like the way it responds.
The phone has great features like wifi, Very good camera (two cameras), touch screen, and many applications.
1) The screen is a pain to use, even with the stylus, screen feels soft, not as sensitive and annoying.
Otherwise, I find that I probably wouldn't get much done at all without the stylus (just not enough screen real-estate to really handle today's typical sites).
only a little over 7 months of having the phone, my screen is constantly going out.
I did, the manufacturers used a cheap glue to glue the screen in.
My major complaint is what appears to be a hardware issue with the phone that I've read about in other venues since experiencing it: the screen intermittently goes completely white and the phone will not respond to anything.
It's a well-functioning phone (I like Nokias) with a touchscreen and my sister has one so I could play around with it before buying.
7 inch screen that I had with my Galaxy S3 before switching to the 1520 then to G3.
The phone fells good in the hand, the screen is really good for the density of pixels it has and the performance so far with games is decent.
Excelent phone for this price I think the best touch screen phone for less than $400 u can found, works perfect in Costa Rican services.
Don't think just because it has a touchscreen that you can play games you could play on your Android.
It is pretty well built, however the screen it is TOO plasticky.
Good visual screen.
Version with Warranty (Black)This is a very good cell phone, it has all the great features one might be looking for, the screen is really large with high resolution.
Battery is not big but provides whole day of operation, screen is nice, vivid and bright.
Overall he says he is happy with it for its battery life and decent sized screen (an upgrade from his previous phone).
Because of this, I was looking for an unlocked, quad-band GSM phone that had 3G, Wifi, GPS, a decent screen size for video and a good app selection.
Bought this for my brother since he's more comfortable with a physical keyboard than touch screen.
I got the phone at said time love the big screen but the charger looks so cheap but I don't no if is unlocked because I bought for someone will buy more stuff from this seller and is very heavy phone.
It may not be as fast, but the screen size means I really don't need a tablet.
the touch screen is not as fast as an iPhone, but everything is compensated for all services that does not carry the iPhone, I'm really happy with my purchase and the truth I do not change my Nokia 5800 with iPhone neverThe flash of the camera is really strong,The design is ergonomic and fits comfortably in your hand.
1 home screen with live tiles and Cortana was excellent.
very satisfied excellent device but the key pad and resistive touch screen takes getting used to.
In the middle of typing, the keyboard screen will momentarily disappear and then reappear.
The touchscreen is smooth, both the touchscreen and soft keypad are very responsive.
The screen is on the small side for video, coming in at 3.
The screen is gorgeous and so far setting up everything has gone well.
The touch screen is responsive, and if you can't get it done with your stubby fingers, the included stylus does the trick.
You have to push end several times to get back to main screen.
Starting with the organized feel, splash screen, the way contacts are grouped and topping with the batter life which is just lousy, this phone just doesn't feel like a Nokia phone.
As for the touch method, the iphone once again is kewler and smooth however the resistive touch screen is CLEARLY improved and does not hold you back.
However, I was pleasantly surprised by how clear the screen is outside in the sunlight and how responsive this little 5" display phone reacted.
)  The home screen is divided into four four separate sections for very frequently used items.
If you want that nobody has access to your phone then, you need to apply your PIN code to the screen locker.
What I do find to be a screen problem is its tendency to be a fingerprint magnet.
When the phone arrived I notice there's dust inside the screen, so I suspect it's a rejected one, but the seller sold it to me as a 'brand new' one, I paid for it at a 'brand new price'.
The screen itself is extremely tiny, they could have added another half inch in there at least.
The touch-screen isn't as "cool" as the iPhone, but then again, I am not "stuck" with a data plan.
After finally giving up on my Moto G4, I bought this which is a small screen display and less specs.
Would be nice to have that menu item as an icon on the main screen.
Telephone bad, the screen stopped working a week of use.
Fast delivery, received a decent phone, large responsive screen, the battery life is just about right although it takes longer to charge.
I got this Phone 2 weeks ago, I like it because it is very firm in hand, touch screen, and have wifi.
The screen is very bright and nice to look at.
Otherwise than that, the phone has good battery life, very clear headset speaker and back speaker is pretty loud, screens real bright and clear along with good display of colors.
In short I chose this phone and adore it now due to its form-factor (not too big, not too small), its screen, its expandability and flexibility, its hardware features (GPS, Wifi, audio) and most of all, its competitive price/quality ratio.
It is made of a solid polycarbonate body that is very resistant to scratches, with a screen made of Corning Gorilla Glass.
I'm not a fan of "smart" phones or phones with touch screen.
- The resistive screen is bad.
Touch screen works well, great sounds, can make pretty high speaker volume on a speaker phone.
Touch screen works well.
Screen is very scratchable, buy a screen protector.
The phone would then just freeze at the screen.
-The touchscreen is not the best at all is just resistive but it works better than my old LG Cookie.
)8) Calendar events no longer show up on main screen.
After that time, I have had to either turn off+turn back on the phone or blindly touch the right section of the screen to access the web browser for the screen to start working properly again.
I thought it was a reasonable price for a Nokia touch screen phone with WiFi, 3G, GPS, etc.
the screen size is nice and large so you can clearly see whats happening.
This is a good phone although it seems to have a small screen.
The bad news is that the kinetic scrolling will only be for the home screen, contacts, and the browser.
There is a great (though limited) app store, awesome mp3 set-up and nice touch screen keyboard.
On to the phone, it is very light and floppy, you can actually peel off the screen.
Gave up on touchscreens after the manufacturer of that phone replace the original and still had the same problem.
the external screen gave up the ghost.
I buy the Nokia cell phone to bring to use in Ecuador, but, when I turned on de phone the screen didn{t work.
There were several occasions when even after getting the soft dialer on the screen, the digits did not send out the tones - on other occasions it did - I was not able to figure out what I was doing differently to get consistent behavior.
The touchscreen is sensitive and is responsive to data input which I didn't expect for a resistive design.
I still love my flip-phone, it has served me well, but now I need a touchscreen so I can text easier.
It's pretty easy to use for someone who has never had a touch screen before, and even has a help screen in every section plus tip video clips.
Even though this is first Nokia touch-screen experience, it's not bad at all.
If I ever had the screen unlocked, the phone opened either my call log or contacts and dialed the first number on the list without even being touched.
Tough screen very irritating, have to struggle to find a contact, poor signals, freezes frequently.
in i-phone u can unlock phone from screen itself and in samsung touch phones this key is push button key not the sliding key.
Nice screen that you can touch and no need for navigation key.
I liked so much this cellphone, include beautiful disign, longer battery, widescreen quality and the functionally.
The latest symbian update allows a seemingly infinite number of contacts on the home screen (previous was 4 - yuck), and did link to my primary emails without a hitch, and I can manually update to read them when I think I want to.
There is NO OPTION ANYWHERE in the display menu or any other area to control the brightness of the screen (and it is bright).
Nice having a bigger screen without forking out for a Samsung or Iphone (shows my age im so cheap.
The phone itself is built very solidly for a midrange phone, there's no worry about dropping it and having it break on you, the screen is also very nice, this may not be the slimmest phone out there but it feels very comfortable in your hand, and the resolution looks amazing.
2 inch screen size.
I seems that with this phone, the screen is super sensitive.
Over all I totally recommend this phone to anyone who doesn't like advanced touch screen phones or those smart phones, this phone is perfect for someone who just wants it for taking pictures and talking on the cell phone for constant communication.
It is a neat phone, but one thing though you should be able to put the what's app icon on your display screen.
It is simple to use, I love that you can have multiple #s associated with one name, love the touch of the key pad and the bigger display on screen if wanted.
You can put pics or an icon for people you call frequently (I think up to 5) on the start screen or set up a speed dial number.
high hardware at low cost+ same configuration screens as our Windows pc's (for a telephone)+ Accept W10 Mobile+ Good recepetion, speed, functionsCons:- With W10 not working sync with icloud anymore- some not common apps no available (i.
you cant go wrong for the price of a touchscreen 3g phone.
This phone is a nice device for someone who is looking for a basic 3G phone (for voice, text, access the web with Opera Mini, and viewing Office documents on the move) with a touch screen.
The touch screen actions are at times inconsistent (but you learn how to use it).
It's pretty much impossible to dial this phone inadvertently since the screen locks and can't be unlocked without a deliberate swipe.
3) This phone has issues, it freezes at times and you get a solid blue screen, shutting down and a minute later and the phone is fine (happened twice in two weeks).
I ordered this because the screen on my original 5800 was cracked.
-Only 4 shortcuts allowed on home screen, even though there's plenty of room for more.
You wouldn't want to use it all the time or you would go insane due to the small screen.
* The call quality is decent, and the screen is bright.
I watched some reviews on youtube before I bought this and I was a little worried about getting it because in the videos, there seemed to be a big lag between when they pushed a button and when something opened, or when they flipped the phone it would turn black for a couple seconds before flipping the screen.
The touchscreen works very well with the included styli though.
The touch screen on this is a lot easier to handle and you can change the settings to adjust the intensity of the slight vibrate that it does when you push buttons.
On the third week of owning the phone it will not power on,if by chance it powers on it freezes on the initial screen and you have to remove the battery in order to power it off.
but AT&T told me that its considered a smartphone BECAUSE it has Wifi and a touch screen.
My only real complaint about this phone is that it does not have full-screen photocall (like my old Nokia phone did) and it doesn't let me view photos as organized by folder from the mini SD card (just views them as if they were all in one huge folder unless you specifically save them to individual "albums" and then only view the album that contains the photo you want to view).
I love the size of the screen and the actual size of the phone.
With Nokia Black colors on this phone stand out and you get great viewing angles and outside the screen is just as nice, Nokia has done great with there black screen technology.
The screen is black and text is white, so that's easier on your eyes if you're in a dark room too.
I broke the screen but it took 10+ drops and a massive plummet to even accomplish that.
Amazon On Demand $50 gift certificate - While I don't see myself using the phone to watch movies, this was a nice treat and it looks very sharp on the screen7.
Don't know how people hear me- It's nice that you have a little button on the side of your phone to lock your screen.
She doesn't like touchscreens.
This phone is totally recommended , basic functions good signal excellent touchscreen applications and light.
is an excellent choice if you are looking for a touch screen smart phone, I've had a phew touch screen phones in the past but this is the best one yet, the only thing that I wasn't 100% happy with is the camera is not a very good one when there is not much light, but the rest is fantastic, the different writing modes are the best, you won't even notice it's a touch screen, berceuse you can blast emails and SMS messages like with a keyboard cell phone.
The camera is great and takes good pictures, the screen is gorgeous and looks nice when surfing the web.
The gel cover (bought from "cbcelectronic" on eBay held up great and easily protected the phone from the many times I've dropped it and the screen is still like brand new as well because of the protective film.
This won't replace your typical 4-6" touch screen device for video consumption, however it loaded up my 32GB SD card that I use in my other device and played audio tracks within two minutes.
The screen is nice and the buttons are easy to press.
however, in landscape mode the scroll bar is in the middle of the screen, so it gets tricky.
While it is a little thicker than some other touch screen phones, it is also narrower and has a very nice fit and feel in hand while not being overly bulky in your pocket.
It is ver sensitive to the touch and the screen is so small you can accidently touch multiple applicatin you never intended to.
It start with photo gallery not responding and then follow by everything disappear from the screen.
The switching function between horizontal and vertical screen is eratic and seems to switch to horizontal when I want it vertical and vertical when I need it horizontal, so I just turn off the auto-turn feature.
It has the same camera, but it has a smaller screen and the 3G is not as fast.
All you have to do is write on the screen and it will type what you write.
Not So Good:° The screen could have been designed with a better resolution.
Make sure you get the screen protector for it too though as is easy to scratch the big screen if your a male.
- Nice big screen (the glare issue could be corrected by buying a stick on anti-glare protection film)- GPS- Wireless connection- FM radio- Easy to transfer data to and from PC- Call quality is good- Expandable memoryCons:- Bad camera for its 3.
nice big screen, a little too big, but it works great.
The touch screen is great, the screen size is great.
Bust out this 301 and pop onto the Xpress Browser or email your friend on their big screen pocket computer/phone and be prepared to see some shocked faces.
-Great colors and touch screen response.
There is also a (tiny) clock/alarm button on the top right corner of the screen, so you can set your alarm clock pretty quickly.
I do find that the auto-rotation of the screen gets worse when multiple apps are running (fails to rotate), but if one tips it right (think, parallel to the floor.
The only thing I don't like on this phone is the inability to delete unused icons from the menu screen, or to put icon shortcuts on the screen that you do use.
The screen started cracking after less than 3 weeks of usage.
If a big screen scares you, then this phone is what you are looking for.
The screen resolution is not as high as iphone or samsung, BUT 1- it is not bad at all and 2- due to lower screen resolution, the battery lasts 2-3 days instead of 1 day.
wonderful screen.
Initially I turned off the haptic feedback vibration in hopes to preserve battery, but I found that it helps with navigating the touch screen.
The only thing I can think of being a bit negative, is the screen response.
She is more than 60 and she can barely see the screen of most cell phones.
I selected this phone with real GPS, free map, free navigation, touch screen, sliding fingers on screen, 3.
Best feature, no MP3 conversion required, if you have lot of MP3 files on hard disk just drag and drop in few seconds, we can play, phone comes with 8GB of SD Card, can upgrade to 16 GB, that's more than enough, I had used the N95 earlier which costs double this price, this is not a NSeries phone from nokia, but it had all the features + touch screen of N series phone at half the price.
I sent it back to Nokia after attempting several factory resets and software upgrades (which was a task in itself because I had to have the screen unlocked-- which caused problems as mentioned above).
6) if you access the touch screen dialer from main menu- you only get a numeric keypad not an alphanumeric (normal) one.
The tactil screen facilitates his managing.
He's very happy now he doesn't need to struggle with the screen every time when the phone ring.
But eReader says they will have one that works on the S60 5th ed with touch screen ability by the end of summer.
Slightest movement would make the phone do who knows what even with the touchscreen locked.
I like my phone but some apps wont work the same like facebook and messenger you cannot watch live im a teenager so that's important but other than some apps camera works fine fast phone nice screen size beautiful hd viewing.
Being a nokia phone user for years, I am well accustomed to the features and interface even with some technological changes (like touch screen).
- I miss the 4 way button from N81 (HTC has one for their touch screen models too) This is especially useful to scroll over long pages such as contact lists, moving among missing calls, or just navigating the internet, where if you touch the screen you can easily activate a link.
-The screen it is mega-clear.
The touch screen is very good , as I never used an Iphone, but the sensor is good enough for you to use your finger on it.
Most responsive touch screen that I have used.
Don't think iPhone but instead try to imagine a very thin scroll bar on the right side of the screen that you have to target in order to scroll.
The home screen is a little weird to get used too if you are not used to windows 8 on a computer or tablet, but it becomes very handy as you get to choose what you want on the home screen and what you dont want, plus you get to pick from a nice group of colors for your theme.
the screen would stop working after a few drops on the ground.
The screen is absolutely CLEAR and there is nary a pixel to be seen.
I never used the iphone, and I think that this touchscreen it is VERY responsive.
I spend a lot of time wiping the screen on my shirt to get rid of the latent fingerprints.
The screen cracked at the side after 1 week of use.
Nice screen in indoor light2.
I like the xpressmusic button above the screen and the 4 favorite contacts on the main screen.
The touch screen took some getting used to and I found the interface difficult at first.
It's good feature compare to big screen smartphone that leak on charge.
The size is just right for me, the screen is bright and sharp.
Touchscreen: It has handwriting recognition, stylus and plectrum stylus and you can also use your fingers.
The screen started fading.
- You have 4 different options for writing, from handwriting, to large full qwerty keyboard in the touch screen9.
Great design, really good lcd with Lumia glance screen option which I used to enjoy on my Nokia 925.
He said that he had to turn the volume down while using headphones and he said that the lettering on the screen was better than his old phone ( an Alltel SCH-U450 ).
The touch screen is not bad, but you sometimes have to use the tip of your finger as the area to touch are small.
Something irritating, getting stuck in a screen that says AT&T Navigator, put in your 10 digit number and getting stuck there.
On the plus side, the on-screen qwerty keyboard is good and the capacitive touch screen is exactly like that on an iPod touch once you turn off the vibration-on-touch feature.
some time it frozen the screen, you have to restart the phone to make it work.
i selected 5800 because it has the biggest screen and is the cheapest.
I originally wanted to get her the Nokia Asha 501 because it has Wifi and a touch screen.
- The Camera could be better though, and the flash doesn't seem to help, alot of the time sadly-VERY IMPORTANT, the real reason why i didn't give this phone (that I was reaaally excited for) is because the second day I had it, I used the tv- out cable to see some vids, it FROZE and shut off, now SINCE then there is a horizontal line around the bottom of my screen, and it NEVER goes away :'[.
If you like to text and want a full keyboard (or the ability to handwrite using the stylus), keep documents on your phone, (bluetooth is quick and easy transfer back to computer), want to enjoy videos and music (with great sound), like surfing the web, want a GPS (with no need for a data plan), and are a techy-gadget person like myself who couldn't pass up the idea of having a touchscreen, this is an awesome choice.
- Does not come with protective plastic for the screen (the N81 came with an excellent one from factory)7.
Just like me she had a hard time using the touch screen, this phone is perfect.
The screen is bright and the app store isn't bad all and all this one helluva great phone.
She had this phone for quite some time before and the screen on her old phone just went blank.
I love that I can use the touch screen without taking off my gloves or just use my fingernail.
While using the phone normally it is looks as good as any other screen, but when watching YouTube videos it's lack of pixels becomes apparent.
The screen went bad shortly after we started using it.
Wonderful screen and light.
In other words, the screen presents big flex (like in laptops, for instance).
- Touchscreen was responsive and pleasantly easy to use- Price/feature is good compared with other models- Battery life seems to be quite decentCons:- Even though I didn't install much additional applications(nightstand + Opera browser), it kept generating this error "memory card full.
I used as my 2nd telephoneSummary:Pros:+ nice 4" screen same iphone 6+ good response speed in functions+ Most of the needed apps available (watsap, skype, tunein, twitter, etc, )+ with w8.
But, I haven't had any problems at all with any of the buttons and there is a slight lag when flipping the screen, but it's usually less than a second, so it's not really a problem at all.
What you have to know about the X3-02:- Its pretty slim and small- They keys are good to write messages, what was the main thing why I need those keys- It has an interchangable memory card- You can use WiFi and download opera mini browser in the app store if you want- You can modify your start screen with a few things like showing your contact favorits, your calendar, notes, time, shortcuts to programs, but nothing special- I would say the call quality is pretty good, at least for me.
Other than the home screen widgets, it's running essentially the same version of S60 5th Edition.
i just got this sweet phone from amazon a couple of weeks ago, and is a very good phone, it has nice features, the image is good, camera is good, touch screen is not as sensitive as the iphone, but is very good also.
Phone arrived as suggested; the screen resolution is not that good.
For Example This will be my 3rd cell phone ever my first Nokia 3560 phone without a camera, second LG Cu500 has a camera and music player and 3rd Nokia 5800 Wifi, touchscreen watch and listen to media on the go.
I can dial a call in way less time than my touchscreen smartphone.
7) Short cuts on main screen make it really easy to get to contacts you use a lot.
I have searched all over the internet and also made sure all the settings are the exact same as the old phone (it had a cracked screen after being dropped).
One other minor negative is that it seems the screen can be scratched easily.
The screen is beautiful and the features are out of this world.
I loved the camera, the touch screen, the long battery life, and even the qwerty keyboard.
Use of phone is like button setting, but touch screen.
This little phone does almost everything I want from a phone, tells time on the front little screen (until you have had one that made you open it to see the time you don't know what a convenience the front screen is) calendar, alarms, customizable main screen display, MP3 player, with some know-how and a micro SD card you can get your mp3s to play as ring tones, and great colour.
Touch screen is not that great.
The flip design and the outside screen continues to be very modern and practical.
In other words, a good feature phone with smartphone features without the touch screen.
The touchscreen keyboard is okay for me (small finger tips) but quite inconvenient for my husband.
The screen is gorgeous and watching movies on it is a blast.
It takes photos, and records like a camcorder, this includes self timer, image sequence, brightness control, effects, whitness balance, and video share call16-There is a screen on the outside so you can see who is calling without opening the phoneAppearance1-Menu functions are easy to see.
Also, they were having problems getting some of the buttons to work, especially the xpressmusic button above the screen.
Not sure if it was an unlucky fall, but the screen broke on the inside.
Overall, it works great and, even though this is my first touch-screen phone, I find it intuitive enough to easily figure out what I want to do.
hey this phone is awesome if you don't want a huge touch screen 2-hour battery-lasting phone that falls and breaks.
The nice perk is that I can operate the touchscreen with my gloves on.
Bright, high resolution screen (small, however), the GPS map software actually works.
I loved the way Nokia designed its first mobile touchscreen phone.
I am not used to touchscreens but getting more and more used to it now.
Once it finds one, it has trouble keeping it locked and it seems to have a hard time updating your position on the screen while moving.
-The accelerometer works very well on directing the screen for vertical or horizontal display.
A straight press of the central Navigation key takes you to the Menu screen.
And the touchscreen is a bit hard to use with the fingers like touching an iPhone (I have an iPod Touch so I was waffling between this phone and the iPhone).
Had another brand with a touch screen that didn't work well.
The cell phone is ok but the screen resolution isn't high and brilliant as expected.
I like the keyboard as I am not a fan of touchscreens at all (which is why I didn't get the Asha 303).
when the phone rings it cannot be unlocked on the screen that tells you it is locked but rather must use the switch on the side and then tap the answer icon on the screen.
Great battery life, fine call quality, annoying screen resolution and OS.
The graphics of these java games remind me of my first ever gameboy and I would prefer to use the gameboy as the on-screen function of the nokia is crap.
-Battery is kind of lacking but what touch screen isn't.
The screen is sharp and contrast is great.
The phone works great clear LOUD speaker phone, great fun snap shoot digital camera, great flash abilities to stream web content, great call quality, very pretty screen.
The screen scratched a little easily though.
Pros: -Build Quality -Large crisp screen -Windows Phone is a great android alternative, especially since its growing and growing everyday.
The Nokia 5800 is a good phone but has its downsides:Pros:- Touch screen is responsive- The full keyboard is spacious- Has a stylus but isn't really needed- Feels sturdy- Comes with 8GB of storage- Decent camera for a cell phone,- Internet browsing is decent- Comes with Wifi and Bluetooth- Good music player/radioCons:- The memory card is very hard to remove.
Is one of the cheapest middle-high-range touchscreen smartphones.
When I switched on the phone I felt that the screen was too cluttered with icons, the touch screen was not too responsive and the interface was not user friendly.
It survived several falls before that with ease, has a great camera and has both great touchscreen technology and buttons to push.
The phone randomly rebooted to the white screen again - except this time, I could not get it to turn back on properly.
One night when I forgot to lock the screen, I overslept because my phone alarm didn't go off-- the phone (which had previously been good for 6 days without recharging) had died because it called my best friend 42 times that night and left 4 long voicemails while I was asleep.
Multiple input options (full screen QWERTY, mini QWERTY, T9 with predictive text, and handwriting recognition).
When I received the phone I noticed there were 2 tiny scratches on the screen (one was deep), which I couldn't notice until I was outside with the direct sunlight reflecting off the screen.
A really nice phone, battery life is good for a smart phone, the screen resolution is very good the its light weight, the memory is also expandable with an sd micro card 4g network makes browsing excellent.
I laugh all the time because I remember when these types of cell phones (that didn't have a colored screen) were the "it" phones back in my days, lol.
- Tinny sound (both incoming and outgoing)- No volume toggle (but then, that seems common in these cheaper models)- Feels flimsy- Low-res screenAnd most importantly: NOT compatible with bluetooth earpieces.
It is also very configureable, I can install many apps and the screen is great.
Beautiful and responsive and big screen.
The screen of the 5800 while not distorted as intimated in a previous review, is slightly wavy, but not in any way unpleasant to view.
)-maps application is not a good one-on-screen keyboard is painfulBottom line: good for someone who wants a compact easy to use phone without any advanced feature that smart-phones offer.
Touch screen is fairly responsive but could use some additional customization for sensitivity5.
The touch screen is not as sensitive as an iPod / iPhone when you use fingers, however with the provided stylus it is comparable.
The auto-orientation screen rotation sometimes gets discombobulated but corrects itself in a second or so.
You can't delete the facebook, store, online games, and other "data" icons, although there is a provision to customize one of the three screens that opens when you swipe the lock screen.
And there is software to use the screen as a touch screen mouse for the PC like a wireless Bluetooth mouse and that's free too.
My husband and I looked at the new iPhone but I could barely read the fine print on the small screen.
The 720p screen isn't as bad as people think, everyone thinks its all about pixels, but you can get nice crisp 720p screens, just like this phone has.
What jumps out at me is the poor screen resolution and weak display.
The screen responds well to me, and software updates have improved over time.
If you touched the phone, not even the screen, it would disconnect the incoming call.
Phone does not work wellThis phone first of all would not be charged with the charger included in the box, now the touchscreen responds at will, it is worst than my broken 5810.
The screen lock feature is great as it is on the side of the phone.
Sometimes the screen freezes as you are entering a text message and then picks up by dumping everything you've typed several seconds later.
Cons:- The written text/letters on the screen are fairly small.
However the phone runs very fluent with W10 and screen is buttery.
I easily found a nice protective gel cover and clear screen protector film/cover for it on eBay.
I bought this Nokia cell phone because I used phones with a number pad before and didn't like using a touchscreen phone.
- I am not into gaming, but the touchscreen games are like for kinder kids, forget about the great engage.
I'm pretty sure Nokia will improve the touchscreen sensibility for newer versions, since this aspect is the most relevant con if you compare it with a few competitors that perform greatly in this area.
The screen scrolls well.
The sensitivity of the touch screen is not adequate.
On day 1, after working properly for hours, the screen went to white.
- The big screen is nice, sensitive and requires zero calibration (not like the Palm TX I used to have some years ago)4.
Video webcam available via 2 cameras, not locked on to a monthly $30 data plan like the Iphone, battery on par with my previous cell phones, touch screen is as good as it gets.
Wonderful high resolution touch screen.
This was my second touchscreen phone, and overall it is a great phone.
super long battery life, clean live sound from speakers, easy to use display and on-screen keyboard.
It can do more than any other touchscreen phone out there today.
Also the on screen keyboard is a little smaller than I would have liked.
The OS is still a tad bit immature, making its crossover to the touchscreen.
very easy to use, all the basic things i needed on a simple but trendy touchscreen phone is in this one.
Jacked up screen and all, I still use my 5800 daily as an mp3 player - and of course as a cell-phone.
This is my 1st touch screen phone.
a note: it's not the same touch-screen technology as most of modern phones use.
Again, needs bigger screen and buttons.
6 screen unlock key is provided at the side of phone.
The Bad-The phone is a fingerprint magnet and you will be constantly wiping-The screen is sort of plasticity feeling and not as nice as other touch screens-The phone is too thick, and if you get a cover(which you do need) it gets even thicker-The stylus is annoying and is easily lost-The graphics mess-up and freeze all the time, sometimes distort and you have to lock and unlock, or even reset in extreme cases, to fix them-Every couple of months the phone will get stuck and vibrate uncontrollably, you'll need to reset it to fix-It can sometimes get confused with orientation and won't known whether to be vertical or horizontal when you text-The setting take a little while to figure outThe Good-The phone is the nicest touch phone you'll find at such a low price-The customer service is helpful-It is very resilient for a touch phone and has withstood many falls and bangs (in part thanks to the case)-It seems like it will last you a couple years-It's a nice phone for someone on a budget who wants to get something a little nicer than a basic phone-You can browse the internet-You can download some apps and different features-I have never seen anyone else with the same phone at least here in Florida, and it seems to be a little more uncommon in the US, so you'll probably be the only person you know that owns one (which can be a good or a bad thing I guess)In conclusionIf you want a nice not too expensive touch phone, with some web capability get this phone, but if you're looking for and iphone or Android substitute look elsewhere.
- In several occasions when you are browsing the web and touch the middle of the screen it closes the browser and disconnects.
This one had a problem with the screen or something else.
The screen is also in 16:9 widescreen format that means that the black bar problem on widescreen movies is not so noticeable.
Handwriting recognition is my favorite input methods, although the full screen QWERTY comes in a close second.
I had a 540 earlier, and moved to the 640 for a larger screen.
- Home screen customization is rather limited.
Still, it is a very responsible touchscreen (no matter you say that it is a resistive touchscreen).
2 camera, touchscreen, more customizable than iphone, external memory, etc etc.
The screen rotation is slow sometimes.
Phone came back with a new damaged screen and I've been jumping through hoops for almost two weeks now trying to get it repaired.
I got this for my disabled brother, who will never be able to use anything like a touchscreen phone, and it's perfect.
This phone is good, very good even, with a good set of features (Wifi, GPS, good music mgmt, video, etc) and nice touchscreen.
Power off your NokiaBefore removing your tiny memory card, take note of the orientation as you are removing it, if you forget RTFM (Read The Find Manual)Power on your NokiaA screen will show up asking if you want to get out of the offline modeSelect "YES", thank God.
wouldn't you know it, the liquid screen went on my phone.
Dunno if it is just a defect in this phone or a problem with the touchscreen software, but that's why 4 stars instead of 5.
The problem with the auto-shut off feature appears to be, that the screen goes off as it should, but if I leave the camera function on and then while the screen shuts down, it does not shut down the camera and the battery continues to be depleted as if the screen was on and I was using the camera.
PROS:-Super Cheap On Data-User friendly-Apps (not many but still)-Capacitive Touchscreen-3.
I like the programmable hot keys and on-screen shortcuts.
It has decent processing power, a nice big screen, and a great battery life for a smartphone (3 days.
Here are my pros and cons about this phone:Pros:1) Battery Life: I have had many touch screens (instinct, moment, hero, pixi, G1) and of all the phones I have had the battery life lasts sooooo much longer.
Camera quality is not great, but certainly not worse than say the Galaxy Avant or Galaxy SIII Mini, which cost more than this and have far worse and smaller screens.
Upon restarting the phone, the OS would not boot past the Nokia blue welcome screen.
I have a month with him and has not given me any problems, I like the touch screen, good sound, the memory of everything you want to save.
If you are looking for something easy to use and your main thing is the touchscreen maybe you should look for another phone.
Right balance of weight, good screen size, very good battery life.
The screen is crisp and clear.
Mine and some others have a small open area on the top right side where the top screen section of the phone meets the main phone section.
(you will have a hard time with 1-800-CAL-WHAT)iPhone killer: (differences with the iphone)Better CameraBetter Music playersturdierBetter upgrading optionsLower costBetter browserMature OS (with Flash)Support for A2DP bluettoth (clear sound in bluetooth headphones)Better screen ResolutionMore touchscreen inputs (like stylus and handwriting)2 cameras and support for video calls.
I did like how the buttons felt and the screen was fine, too.
Video and photos are sweet on the lcd screen.
The display sort of looks like a wanna be iphone, and it responds fairly well to commands.
I keep a Nokia N75 for backup but it was driving me crazy thinking I would have to use it for weeks; I use my phone way too much and have become quite addicted to the touch screen.
The screen looks beautiful.
The PRO's: Great resolution, camera and sound; integrated wi-fi; good memory capacityThe CON's: Poor capacity to arrange the menus as you wish; no easy use of the touch screen as Palm-like graffity.
I got this phone because I wanted an unlocked phone with a touch screen and QWERTY keyboard.
The screen also seems to attract a large number of fingerprints as well, and for some reason is not all that easy to clean off.
Another thing is when you want to get back to main screen simply closing phone won't do it.
The phone is light, fits well in the hand and the touch screen is beautifully clear and responds well with the stylus.
Just got this phone and honestly, I prefer this touchscreen over others.
Many times the screen will freeze and the only way to get the phone working agin is to remove the battery.
in vertical mode this doesnt happen, because the scroll bar it is sticked to the right of the screen, so you dont have margin of error.
Regarding the touchscreen.
Plus the screen cracked very easy after the phone was dropped from 3 feet.
This is a very nice basic phone with extras like great screen graphics, radio and Ineedn't capibility.
One of my best cellphone that I hadCamera okTouchscreen very intuitiveSoftware fineand Hardware perfect.
I have had to send mine in for service twice since I bought it, the first time for them to tighten the seams around when the phone locks and unlocks (it is a little switch that you push up to lock or unlock, which I find annoying and looks like it might break if you accidently push it too hard) which were coming loose, and the second time because my screen went black.
Nice touch screen, FM radio, GPS, Music player, cable to connect to PC to add Apps and games easily.
I love the thing where it has the icons of your favorite contacts on the home screen (it accomodates for way more than 4 i think i have 7 at the moment.
Pros: Good screen resolution, good sound quality, nice headset.
Texting is also a breeze - just use the on-screen QWERTY keyboard for SMS or Email messages.
I put some pictures I have taken with my other camera on the memory card and they look great on the screen and are really clear.
However, don't think that this touchscreen is even close to the iphone's.
I am very pleased with this phone and would recommend it for people who want a quality touchscreen phone and not necessarily an iPhone.
Having been used to smart phones w/ touch screen, I surprised myself when I worked w/ it easily not having read the instructions to operate it.
Though the proximity sensor doesn't always work when making a call, so my ear will set off the screen and get a vibration sometimes.
Touchscreen is good.
So I was a little hesitant to get a nokia touch screen at first because nokia isn't big in the US market as much as it is overseas.
It's my first 3g phone and I really like it, ease to use, good screen quality but the camera is not good.
You can keep 4 contacts (with photo icons) on homescreen for quick calling, texting, etc.
It is light but sturdy, looks good, has a good size screen with reasonable resolution and is simple to use.
Pros:xpressmusic buttonFavorite contactsPretty good pictures and video (sometimes)Really nice screen for viewing photos/videosQWERTY keyboardTouch screen feels/works greatMusic playerMusic tones8GB cardCons:No delete all button for texts and contactsAlarm clock settingsUPDATE: I did end up finding how to change the settings on the alarm clock to turn vibrate off.
The 5800 does have an auto-shutdown feature which shuts off the screen and asks you to push the unlock lever on the side to restore the screen.
Overall, I recommend (barely) this cell phone, great reception (although this might depend on your service provider), fantastic sound, fluent Internet experience, excellent extras, outstanding screen and resolution, perfectly calibrated.
The screen has good resolution and display, but it could be bigger.
-Amazing screen resolution.
The screen is small compared to more expensive phones.
I find it easy to use the touch screen but you do need to apply some pressure - more than the iPhone, but it works great.
I chose this phone over the old Lumia 920 my wife didn't like it at first, now she absolutely love it just for the size of the screen, it is mush easier to read from and lighter so it's better to use for a long conversation.
Whats great about this phone is the touch screen is really user friendly.
This is my first touchscreen phone so I can't really judge too much the keypad but it has full qwerty and I've found it a bit of a challenge to get used to.
I like that this is a simple phone (not a "smart" phone, has no touch screen, menus are easy to navigate) but has all the features I need in a phone.
Touch screen functions OK.
Huge 5 inch screen.
Also, since other people have said that they don't like the touch screen, just saying that I really like it.
I've read bad reviews about its touchscreen, but it is not too bad.
I have the same fingerprint problem with my Compaq 931 laptop, but I don't get fingerprints on its screen as often as with the 5800.
-The screen.
This is a really good phone for all of those people looking for a cheaper option for a good touchscreen smartphone.
numbers on screen are quite big, and she can listen to the radio on it.
Dust and even hair can get below the screen.
Not to mention, if I ever had the screen unlocked while I made a legitimate call, it would often put the person I was talking to on hold, open the call log, and attempt to call that person again.
I love the touch screen.
Yes, it does have an internet browser which works well, but the screen is quite small so it's not good for recreational browsing.
It shines in daylight conditions able to capture great photos and widescreen videos of surprising quality.
I especially like that the contacts on the home screen are 'tracked' - I can see texts for example, that I've exchanged with just that one person, and send a new one.
The phone screen I get broken, was disappointing and aldo no wifi.
* There is no way to control the size and layout of the time and date on the main screen.
After doing so, I searched online and found the "white screen" issue is a problem with this model.
You can save your favorite 4 phone number on the home screen and creat button with an image icon.
- the numbers on the buttons and the screen are fairly easy to see.
If you want a touch screen phone, get an Iphone or Droid.
And it's a little bigger, with a wider screen, but not so big it can't fit into my pocket or purse.
My only issue with the Nokia is that the full-screen qwerty touch does not put some common symbols on the primary screen, symbols like @ for emails or ) for smiley faces (hey I like to be friendly).
The screen resolution is awesome and the aplications works very well.
The screen is about big enough, and fonts can be enlarged for readability.
I have had absolutely no problems - no screen freezing and battery life has been very very good.
The touch screen responsiveness is also not that good.
liked the phone, but after a week or two the screen went crazy in the middle of a call and I could not see half the screen.
)Well executed touch screen / stylus back-uplots of free and useful apps / wallpapers / you name it.
the phone will be on and flly functional, but the screen will not light up.
Touch screen so wimpy,.
Speakerphone very good, yes OVI is a nightmare but overall a good quailty and fun phone, touch screen is a little hard but not bad.
I prob wont buy another Nokia touchscreen.
+ intuitive interface super easy to use+good for a touch-screen beginner (hybrid between traditional and modern selective methods)+superfast camera+nice video quality+decent display+very light and compact, good design+comes with a pick for small objects on the screen (awesome)-not a very responsive touch-screen-image quality is sub-par-no flash ( are u serious.
Nice camera, nice sound, good touch screen.
Well where should I should I begin, its great touchscreen phone comes with a memory card (8gb)so you can download music and movies if converted to the right format settings.
The screen is sharper, processor faster, phone takes nice clear pictures that are pretty much good enough, the ring and alert tones are more discreet and professional.
Browsing the internet isn't that smooth because the 5800's touch-screen is either overly sensitive sometimes or it just takes a slegdehammer to register an input.
The touchscreen is also not to bad.
This phone is really easy to read, has good bright screen that seems to be scratch resistant so far.
No complaints about thiswonderful product, only (maybe) more MPixels in the Camera and alittle more precision in the touch-screen response.
Some screens don't rotate but this is addressed in the next release as well according to the Nokia USA discussions forum.
I'm using it with a mobile company in Mexico and as soon as I turned it on, it got the signal, the screen is a neat widescreen (but very fragile, so be ready to buy a screen protector),I totally recommend you the phone and Amazon deals.
It is one of the best screens ive seen.
(based on the same Symbian platform as N81)You can press the green call for starting a conversation or you can touch a button in the screen to do the same, so why to duplicate.
) If you want to add a new contact, you can only add their number and first and last name from the add contact screen.
If you take out the screen part of the cellphone, it is a pretty solid cellphone.
The touch screen is ok.
The touchscreen is very responsive and the vibration when touched is pretty neat also.
The screen is awesome and the 5" are enough to satisfied my demands.
This was key for me, since I've used different touch screens and qwerty keyboards and often just can't do it with my blunt fingers.
I wanted a flip phone after having problems with other touch screen types of cell phones.
The 2720 screen is terrible, I can hardly make out anything that is on it and I dread the task of entering contact information.
Most of the time when I try to Long Press the HOME button to get to the task switching screen, I get something else.
I bought this phone for my husband because it seemed like the best alternative to an iPhone and similar touchscreen smartphones without the issue of having to pay the ridiculous "Smartphone Plan" fee.
They told me ALL parts are covered under my warranty EXCEPT the liquid screen.
I bought this cell phone because it looked amazing online and was packed with some great features like the touch screen, 3G support, wifi, 3.
n the screen cracked while in my pocket.
I like the touch screen system and the screen resolution is good.
