in i-phone u can unlock phone from screen itself and in samsung touch phones this key is push button key not the sliding key.
I got this Phone 2 weeks ago, I like it because it is very firm in hand, touch screen, and have wifi.
I have a month with him and has not given me any problems, I like the touch screen, good sound, the memory of everything you want to save.
I've read bad reviews about its touchscreen, but it is not too bad.
I thought it was a reasonable price for a Nokia touch screen phone with WiFi, 3G, GPS, etc.
The latest symbian update allows a seemingly infinite number of contacts on the home screen (previous was 4 - yuck), and did link to my primary emails without a hitch, and I can manually update to read them when I think I want to.
Can customize where to display contacts from - SIM, phone or both.
If you are looking for something easy to use and your main thing is the touchscreen maybe you should look for another phone.
Use of phone is like button setting, but touch screen.
Mine and some others have a small open area on the top right side where the top screen section of the phone meets the main phone section.
(you will have a hard time with 1-800-CAL-WHAT)iPhone killer: (differences with the iphone)Better CameraBetter Music playersturdierBetter upgrading optionsLower costBetter browserMature OS (with Flash)Support for A2DP bluettoth (clear sound in bluetooth headphones)Better screen ResolutionMore touchscreen inputs (like stylus and handwriting)2 cameras and support for video calls.
It's pretty easy to use for someone who has never had a touch screen before, and even has a help screen in every section plus tip video clips.
In other words, a good feature phone with smartphone features without the touch screen.
The touchscreen keyboard is okay for me (small finger tips) but quite inconvenient for my husband.
I like its touch screen, resolution is great, the sound is terrific and I can also watch videos from youtube.
The touch screen is incredible.
Over all I totally recommend this phone to anyone who doesn't like advanced touch screen phones or those smart phones, this phone is perfect for someone who just wants it for taking pictures and talking on the cell phone for constant communication.
It is simple to use, I love that you can have multiple #s associated with one name, love the touch of the key pad and the bigger display on screen if wanted.
Overall, it works great and, even though this is my first touch-screen phone, I find it intuitive enough to easily figure out what I want to do.
In my Sony phone, you just had to highlight a contact name and hit edit which took you to a scroll down menu where you could edit/input info.
hey this phone is awesome if you don't want a huge touch screen 2-hour battery-lasting phone that falls and breaks.
The touchscreen is fantastic, and there are many useful apps available for download.
The nice perk is that I can operate the touchscreen with my gloves on.
The touch screen is also nice or should I say tap screen and there are times that it takes a little while before it responds.
I loved the way Nokia designed its first mobile touchscreen phone.
you cant go wrong for the price of a touchscreen 3g phone.
(based on the same Symbian platform as N81)You can press the green call for starting a conversation or you can touch a button in the screen to do the same, so why to duplicate.
I am not used to touchscreens but getting more and more used to it now.
The touch screen actions are at times inconsistent (but you learn how to use it).
It's pretty much impossible to dial this phone inadvertently since the screen locks and can't be unlocked without a deliberate swipe.
The phone is light, fits well in the hand and the touch screen is beautifully clear and responds well with the stylus.
And the touchscreen is a bit hard to use with the fingers like touching an iPhone (I have an iPod Touch so I was waffling between this phone and the iPhone).
I especially like that the contacts on the home screen are 'tracked' - I can see texts for example, that I've exchanged with just that one person, and send a new one.
Just got this phone and honestly, I prefer this touchscreen over others.
I think this is one of the cheaper phones which has touch screen capabilities without having a contract (of 2 years usually) and no data plan required.
Had another brand with a touch screen that didn't work well.
The touchscreen works very well with the included styli though.
The phone has great features like wifi, Very good camera (two cameras), touch screen, and many applications.
Once you get the phone you have to update the software or else you will be having weaker scrolling and weaker touch sensitivity.
I like the keyboard as I am not a fan of touchscreens at all (which is why I didn't get the Asha 303).
The touch screen on this is a lot easier to handle and you can change the settings to adjust the intensity of the slight vibrate that it does when you push buttons.
Regarding the touchscreen.
but AT&T told me that its considered a smartphone BECAUSE it has Wifi and a touch screen.
I loved the camera, the touch screen, the long battery life, and even the qwerty keyboard.
This is my first touchscreen phone so I can't really judge too much the keypad but it has full qwerty and I've found it a bit of a challenge to get used to.
I like that this is a simple phone (not a "smart" phone, has no touch screen, menus are easy to navigate) but has all the features I need in a phone.
If you like to text and want a full keyboard (or the ability to handwrite using the stylus), keep documents on your phone, (bluetooth is quick and easy transfer back to computer), want to enjoy videos and music (with great sound), like surfing the web, want a GPS (with no need for a data plan), and are a techy-gadget person like myself who couldn't pass up the idea of having a touchscreen, this is an awesome choice.
It's a well-functioning phone (I like Nokias) with a touchscreen and my sister has one so I could play around with it before buying.
If you touched the phone, not even the screen, it would disconnect the incoming call.
Nice touch screen, FM radio, GPS, Music player, cable to connect to PC to add Apps and games easily.
I love the thing where it has the icons of your favorite contacts on the home screen (it accomodates for way more than 4 i think i have 7 at the moment.
The graphics of these java games remind me of my first ever gameboy and I would prefer to use the gameboy as the on-screen function of the nokia is crap.
Still, it is a very responsible touchscreen (no matter you say that it is a resistive touchscreen).
2 camera, touchscreen, more customizable than iphone, external memory, etc etc.
However, don't think that this touchscreen is even close to the iphone's.
you are unable to stop on contact you want from scrollbar it run too fast.
Excelent phone for this price I think the best touch screen phone for less than $400 u can found, works perfect in Costa Rican services.
I am very pleased with this phone and would recommend it for people who want a quality touchscreen phone and not necessarily an iPhone.
Is one of the cheapest middle-high-range touchscreen smartphones.
Don't think just because it has a touchscreen that you can play games you could play on your Android.
She doesn't like touchscreens.
Having been used to smart phones w/ touch screen, I surprised myself when I worked w/ it easily not having read the instructions to operate it.
I bought this cell phone because it looked amazing online and was packed with some great features like the touch screen, 3G support, wifi, 3.
This phone is totally recommended , basic functions good signal excellent touchscreen applications and light.
is an excellent choice if you are looking for a touch screen smart phone, I've had a phew touch screen phones in the past but this is the best one yet, the only thing that I wasn't 100% happy with is the camera is not a very good one when there is not much light, but the rest is fantastic, the different writing modes are the best, you won't even notice it's a touch screen, berceuse you can blast emails and SMS messages like with a keyboard cell phone.
It survived several falls before that with ease, has a great camera and has both great touchscreen technology and buttons to push.
This won't replace your typical 4-6" touch screen device for video consumption, however it loaded up my 32GB SD card that I use in my other device and played audio tracks within two minutes.
Functionality is very excellent and useful (multiple alarms, wife, touch-screen) but I have twice experienced that after charging overnight, the next day the unit will get very, very warm and will just die.
Processing power is limited and you will see that when trying to scroll in a webpage.
While it is a little thicker than some other touch screen phones, it is also narrower and has a very nice fit and feel in hand while not being overly bulky in your pocket.
You can keep 4 contacts (with photo icons) on homescreen for quick calling, texting, etc.
Pros:xpressmusic buttonFavorite contactsPretty good pictures and video (sometimes)Really nice screen for viewing photos/videosQWERTY keyboardTouch screen feels/works greatMusic playerMusic tones8GB cardCons:No delete all button for texts and contactsAlarm clock settingsUPDATE: I did end up finding how to change the settings on the alarm clock to turn vibrate off.
It is ver sensitive to the touch and the screen is so small you can accidently touch multiple applicatin you never intended to.
Tough screen very irritating, have to struggle to find a contact, poor signals, freezes frequently.
I find it easy to use the touch screen but you do need to apply some pressure - more than the iPhone, but it works great.
The PRO's: Great resolution, camera and sound; integrated wi-fi; good memory capacityThe CON's: Poor capacity to arrange the menus as you wish; no easy use of the touch screen as Palm-like graffity.
Gave up on touchscreens after the manufacturer of that phone replace the original and still had the same problem.
Bought this for my brother since he's more comfortable with a physical keyboard than touch screen.
This was my second touchscreen phone, and overall it is a great phone.
Whats great about this phone is the touch screen is really user friendly.
The touch screen is great, the screen size is great.
the touch screen is not as fast as an iPhone, but everything is compensated for all services that does not carry the iPhone, I'm really happy with my purchase and the truth I do not change my Nokia 5800 with iPhone neverThe flash of the camera is really strong,The design is ergonomic and fits comfortably in your hand.
The touch screen is not as sensitive as an iPod / iPhone when you use fingers, however with the provided stylus it is comparable.
very satisfied excellent device but the key pad and resistive touch screen takes getting used to.
So I was a little hesitant to get a nokia touch screen at first because nokia isn't big in the US market as much as it is overseas.
-Great colors and touch screen response.
the external screen gave up the ghost.
Also, since other people have said that they don't like the touch screen, just saying that I really like it.
Nice screen that you can touch and no need for navigation key.
And there is software to use the screen as a touch screen mouse for the PC like a wireless Bluetooth mouse and that's free too.
This is a really good phone for all of those people looking for a cheaper option for a good touchscreen smartphone.
Initially I turned off the haptic feedback vibration in hopes to preserve battery, but I found that it helps with navigating the touch screen.
My only issue with the Nokia is that the full-screen qwerty touch does not put some common symbols on the primary screen, symbols like @ for emails or ) for smiley faces (hey I like to be friendly).
The touch screen is responsive, and if you can't get it done with your stubby fingers, the included stylus does the trick.
Phone does not work wellThis phone first of all would not be charged with the charger included in the box, now the touchscreen responds at will, it is worst than my broken 5810.
)Well executed touch screen / stylus back-uplots of free and useful apps / wallpapers / you name it.
Slightest movement would make the phone do who knows what even with the touchscreen locked.
I love the touch screen.
Starting with the organized feel, splash screen, the way contacts are grouped and topping with the batter life which is just lousy, this phone just doesn't feel like a Nokia phone.
As for the touch method, the iphone once again is kewler and smooth however the resistive touch screen is CLEARLY improved and does not hold you back.
I selected this phone with real GPS, free map, free navigation, touch screen, sliding fingers on screen, 3.
I bought this Nokia cell phone because I used phones with a number pad before and didn't like using a touchscreen phone.
The touchscreen is sensitive and is responsive to data input which I didn't expect for a resistive design.
In viewing the movies on the phone I was impressed at the display quality (16M colors, 640x) and more so with the audio quality - the stereo speakers were loud and rich, able to simulate the acoustic depth of the movie and I must say that it rivals some laptop speakers I have come across.
- I am not into gaming, but the touchscreen games are like for kinder kids, forget about the great engage.
6) if you access the touch screen dialer from main menu- you only get a numeric keypad not an alphanumeric (normal) one.
I'm pretty sure Nokia will improve the touchscreen sensibility for newer versions, since this aspect is the most relevant con if you compare it with a few competitors that perform greatly in this area.
I wanted a flip phone after having problems with other touch screen types of cell phones.
Best feature, no MP3 conversion required, if you have lot of MP3 files on hard disk just drag and drop in few seconds, we can play, phone comes with 8GB of SD Card, can upgrade to 16 GB, that's more than enough, I had used the N95 earlier which costs double this price, this is not a NSeries phone from nokia, but it had all the features + touch screen of N series phone at half the price.
But eReader says they will have one that works on the S60 5th ed with touch screen ability by the end of summer.
If you want a touch screen phone, get an Iphone or Droid.
The sensitivity of the touch screen is not adequate.
Being a nokia phone user for years, I am well accustomed to the features and interface even with some technological changes (like touch screen).
- I miss the 4 way button from N81 (HTC has one for their touch screen models too) This is especially useful to scroll over long pages such as contact lists, moving among missing calls, or just navigating the internet, where if you touch the screen you can easily activate a link.
I got this phone because I wanted an unlocked phone with a touch screen and QWERTY keyboard.
Video webcam available via 2 cameras, not locked on to a monthly $30 data plan like the Iphone, battery on par with my previous cell phones, touch screen is as good as it gets.
I have been surprised by the user interface, allowing a touch on things like the clock or the profile setting display to change or display additional info.
Wonderful high resolution touch screen.
95/mo to display the city matching the area code of an incoming call.
The touch screen responsiveness is also not that good.
This is my 1st touch screen phone.
The touch screen is very good , as I never used an Iphone, but the sensor is good enough for you to use your finger on it.
Most responsive touch screen that I have used.
It can do more than any other touchscreen phone out there today.
Speakerphone very good, yes OVI is a nightmare but overall a good quailty and fun phone, touch screen is a little hard but not bad.
The 2720 screen is terrible, I can hardly make out anything that is on it and I dread the task of entering contact information.
I never used the iphone, and I think that this touchscreen it is VERY responsive.
-Battery is kind of lacking but what touch screen isn't.
The OS is still a tad bit immature, making its crossover to the touchscreen.
very easy to use, all the basic things i needed on a simple but trendy touchscreen phone is in this one.
+ intuitive interface super easy to use+good for a touch-screen beginner (hybrid between traditional and modern selective methods)+superfast camera+nice video quality+decent display+very light and compact, good design+comes with a pick for small objects on the screen (awesome)-not a very responsive touch-screen-image quality is sub-par-no flash ( are u serious.
Nice camera, nice sound, good touch screen.
The touchscreen is smooth, both the touchscreen and soft keypad are very responsive.
I like the xpressmusic button above the screen and the 4 favorite contacts on the main screen.
I'm not a fan of "smart" phones or phones with touch screen.
The touch screen took some getting used to and I found the interface difficult at first.
The touch-screen isn't as "cool" as the iPhone, but then again, I am not "stuck" with a data plan.
a note: it's not the same touch-screen technology as most of modern phones use.
Well where should I should I begin, its great touchscreen phone comes with a memory card (8gb)so you can download music and movies if converted to the right format settings.
-The touchscreen is not the best at all is just resistive but it works better than my old LG Cookie.
Browsing the internet isn't that smooth because the 5800's touch-screen is either overly sensitive sometimes or it just takes a slegdehammer to register an input.
The touchscreen is also not to bad.
This phone is good, very good even, with a good set of features (Wifi, GPS, good music mgmt, video, etc) and nice touchscreen.
- You have 4 different options for writing, from handwriting, to large full qwerty keyboard in the touch screen9.
- In several occasions when you are browsing the web and touch the middle of the screen it closes the browser and disconnects.
After that time, I have had to either turn off+turn back on the phone or blindly touch the right section of the screen to access the web browser for the screen to start working properly again.
The touch screen is not bad, but you sometimes have to use the tip of your finger as the area to touch are small.
On the plus side, the on-screen qwerty keyboard is good and the capacitive touch screen is exactly like that on an iPod touch once you turn off the vibration-on-touch feature.
I keep a Nokia N75 for backup but it was driving me crazy thinking I would have to use it for weeks; I use my phone way too much and have become quite addicted to the touch screen.
) If you want to add a new contact, you can only add their number and first and last name from the add contact screen.
I originally wanted to get her the Nokia Asha 501 because it has Wifi and a touch screen.
I bought this phone for my husband because it seemed like the best alternative to an iPhone and similar touchscreen smartphones without the issue of having to pay the ridiculous "Smartphone Plan" fee.
- Home screen customization is rather limited.
you dont scroll the list from contacts like in i phone.
The bad news is that the kinetic scrolling will only be for the home screen, contacts, and the browser.
There is a great (though limited) app store, awesome mp3 set-up and nice touch screen keyboard.
This phone is a nice device for someone who is looking for a basic 3G phone (for voice, text, access the web with Opera Mini, and viewing Office documents on the move) with a touch screen.
Just like me she had a hard time using the touch screen, this phone is perfect.
The touch screen is ok.
The touchscreen is very responsive and the vibration when touched is pretty neat also.
I love that I can use the touch screen without taking off my gloves or just use my fingernail.
I got this for my disabled brother, who will never be able to use anything like a touchscreen phone, and it's perfect.
The Bad-The phone is a fingerprint magnet and you will be constantly wiping-The screen is sort of plasticity feeling and not as nice as other touch screens-The phone is too thick, and if you get a cover(which you do need) it gets even thicker-The stylus is annoying and is easily lost-The graphics mess-up and freeze all the time, sometimes distort and you have to lock and unlock, or even reset in extreme cases, to fix them-Every couple of months the phone will get stuck and vibrate uncontrollably, you'll need to reset it to fix-It can sometimes get confused with orientation and won't known whether to be vertical or horizontal when you text-The setting take a little while to figure outThe Good-The phone is the nicest touch phone you'll find at such a low price-The customer service is helpful-It is very resilient for a touch phone and has withstood many falls and bangs (in part thanks to the case)-It seems like it will last you a couple years-It's a nice phone for someone on a budget who wants to get something a little nicer than a basic phone-You can browse the internet-You can download some apps and different features-I have never seen anyone else with the same phone at least here in Florida, and it seems to be a little more uncommon in the US, so you'll probably be the only person you know that owns one (which can be a good or a bad thing I guess)In conclusionIf you want a nice not too expensive touch phone, with some web capability get this phone, but if you're looking for and iphone or Android substitute look elsewhere.
Here are my pros and cons about this phone:Pros:1) Battery Life: I have had many touch screens (instinct, moment, hero, pixi, G1) and of all the phones I have had the battery life lasts sooooo much longer.
I prob wont buy another Nokia touchscreen.
This was key for me, since I've used different touch screens and qwerty keyboards and often just can't do it with my blunt fingers.
Dunno if it is just a defect in this phone or a problem with the touchscreen software, but that's why 4 stars instead of 5.
What you have to know about the X3-02:- Its pretty slim and small- They keys are good to write messages, what was the main thing why I need those keys- It has an interchangable memory card- You can use WiFi and download opera mini browser in the app store if you want- You can modify your start screen with a few things like showing your contact favorits, your calendar, notes, time, shortcuts to programs, but nothing special- I would say the call quality is pretty good, at least for me.
No complaints about thiswonderful product, only (maybe) more MPixels in the Camera and alittle more precision in the touch-screen response.
When I switched on the phone I felt that the screen was too cluttered with icons, the touch screen was not too responsive and the interface was not user friendly.
I still love my flip-phone, it has served me well, but now I need a touchscreen so I can text easier.
i just got this sweet phone from amazon a couple of weeks ago, and is a very good phone, it has nice features, the image is good, camera is good, touch screen is not as sensitive as the iphone, but is very good also.
For Example This will be my 3rd cell phone ever my first Nokia 3560 phone without a camera, second LG Cu500 has a camera and music player and 3rd Nokia 5800 Wifi, touchscreen watch and listen to media on the go.
You can keep your 4 favorite contacts on the main screen.
I can dial a call in way less time than my touchscreen smartphone.
Even though this is first Nokia touch-screen experience, it's not bad at all.
7) Short cuts on main screen make it really easy to get to contacts you use a lot.
If I ever had the screen unlocked, the phone opened either my call log or contacts and dialed the first number on the list without even being touched.
This is my first touchscreen phone, but i'd tried some before, and I really like the way it responds.
I like the touch screen system and the screen resolution is good.
