I went down the block to Radio Shack and they had an Ultra SanDisk 32g micro memory card that said it was Windows compatible for $28.
I have to say that this cellphone comes without data cable nor earphones.
The back cover was a little hard to open but once I got it open and installed the battery and micro SD card it sealed up tight with no problems.
All the music from my samsung impression SD card transferred with no problemsIt came with a European power adapter but I found out the all my Samsung Impression's accessories are compatible with the 2100 so my car charger, plug-in power adapter and even the headset all work on the 2100.
You can load up the micro-SDHC card from you computer, either by putting the micro-SDHC card into a USB connection on your computer, or downloading it directly to the phone from your computer, but you will need to purchase a data cable for a SAMSUNG phone.
You only need an micro-SDHC if you want your phone numbers stored separately from the SIM card or if you want to store music to listen to with your ear phones.
The description says new but the phone came used, when I opened the back to put in my SIM card there was dirt and went inside and smudges all over the speaker and camera lens.
RELIABLE PROTECTION FROM WATER DAMAGE - I just wish it had a jack with which to use a headset/headphones.
)Other high points that I didn't expect, but have come to enjoy:1) FM Radio with the headphones acting as the antenna2) Music player3) SD micro card ready4) Loud speaker (for music and speaker phone).
Before running the phone I charged the battery and installed an additional 8gb micro sd card I got for 19.
For some reason when you switch to speakerphone the mic's turn to crap.
I installed a 16 Gb micro SD memory card type 4 and works perfectly.
the sound quality is loud however when you place the phone on a flat surface with screen up the sound is a little less loud , i guess they could of put the speaker on the side.
If your are using this phone to make calls without skype (AT&T or other compatible carrier -- there will be no echo problems and the Jabra speakerphone will not be necessary).
The only thing i Don't like that much is the microsd doesnt work as other platforms you have to wipe the phone and you are not supposed to remove the microsd card once installed.
The reason why I gave it 4 stars is because the keyboard is somewhat hard to use for the first time, the text input is a few microseconds delayed when you use the keyboard and the keys are very sensitive.
When I received the new phone I knew this phone was not a new new phone as stated, it had no manual, no headphone earbuds, did not have a workable audio mic and the Flipboard logo was constantly imbedded on the screen.
also i managed to use 32 gb micro sd card.
The phone did come with a charged battery, European charger, North American plug converter, ear-piece & mic, and non-english instruction booklet (Polish I suspect).
The instructions booklet says that you need to buy a micro memory card that is Windows compatible so I went to an AT&T store (since the phone says AT&T) and they tried to sell me a non-specfic SanDisk 32g micro memory card that made no mention if it was Windows compatible for around $60.
CONS: Despite having a card slot and dual sim capability It cannot be used simultaneously it either you use the 2nd sim slot for micro sd or nano sim.
The phone is pretty much as expected, case is perfect, screen is perfect, its like new but its a phone and therefore i have to be able to actually HEAR people with it in other words the auricular is messed up, i cannot use it unless i put it on speaker phone, big dissapointment.
I was expecting that the phone would come with a micro sd card the way my first one did from verizon.
It comes with the charger cord, outlet adapter, and a set of earphones.
I really like this phone seems like it is made really good, I do not have AT&T as my sever I have devote30 for $30 a month unlimited and taxing ,and this phone works grate ,it is a perfect size phone not to big or to small, I like that fact that I can go to another server and use it as long as they take AT&T phones ,,I can here nice and clear,,I just like this red color ,its charges real fast and the battery lasted all day and that evening I was on the phone for over five hours calling everyone and giving out my new number before the battery went dead it did beep to let me know the battery was low, I have no regrets getting this phone thinking of getting another one just so I have it for the future,, in case I brake or lose this one,,I really like the different headset plug in its different then most it's long and flat plug but seems that it will not ware out like the other ones do,,you do need to order the right head sets for AT&T samsung a777,witch Amazon has at a cheep price, witch I did and it works grate or you can buy the adapter,witch I also did so I could use my more expensive head sets on it as well,I also bought the case for this phone and it is well wroth it,.
I was really excited to get this phone for my dad everything was nice and new and I sent it to himTurns out you cant put a micro sd card in it because one of the gold prongs are broken off very disappointed because it is now in another statecand I cant return it.
Nor does the phone package come with a micro-SDHC card which you can purchase on line.
Beautiful screen, WP7 nice OS but that's all, saddly it can happen to you to receive a defective phone, there are two main problems with it:-Problems with the cell phone restarting without end, this can happen after using an app, any app in my case it was skype or the maps application-Mic not workingEven when I was able to use the phone with the restart problem avoiding to use the smart part of the phone the mic problem rendered the cell phone into a piece of junk.
I bought a micro SD card with an SD adapter, so I am able to save the photos on my computer.
These days, I only use it so as a microSD card reader.
It came with everything except the headsets.
Comes with the original box, charger, earphones and stuff.
I haven't had any trouble with muffled speakers (because of the waterproof seal) or even dropped calls.
Even with speaker on volume is extremely low.
phone kept telling me the microsd card wasn't installed.
Phone cames with hands free earphones and travel charger, wich has a usb connector, so you use the same cable to charge device or connect to pc to transfer music, pictures, videos and software updates via ZUNE.
My only problem is that the phone didn't come with a micro sd card.
It does take a micro sim card.
contacts and calendar syncs with the microsoft cloud, so bye bye outlook and active sync, for good you dont need office license anymore to sync and backup your contacts and calendar, just an hotmail account and you are set.
the only problem was trhat the mic is not so clear but with a bluetooth or earpiece it works fine.
one thing that has happened is my phone when taking pictures with flash on wiline just turn off by itself and I have to take the entire phone apart and take the battery off just to get it to come back on and Ivery notice that when phone is on speaker phone Noone can hear me while I'm talking other then that the phone is great.
The S6 does not allow you to remove the battery nor add an micro SD card and that us another reason i chise thjs phone.
(However, most youtube, cbs 60 minutes, wall street journal videos are viewable)2) When using skype you may infrequently experience echo, to circumvent the the echo use a Jabra Tour speakerphone with bluetooth pairing which has noise cancelling software.
It is a thin, light phone with a two-way flip: one like a normal flip phone, the other similar to a micro-laptop for web surfing (such that it is).
call quailty is better, I can hear the callers better, speaker phone is louder, its still pocketable, screen size is perfect, tad faster (1000mhz verse 600mhz), texting is easier due to larger keyboard, so I make less mistakes, love the address book, can add alot of info on each contact, 16gb of space AND you can add a transflash card.
Has direct up link with the cloud, never lose another pic-- perfect to share with select group of people.
Before doing that I inserted a 32 gig microSD card so now I have a ton of memory to work with.
I like the phone, but I was disappointed that only the phone charger, battery and user guide was included in the box, I expected this phone to have the micro SD-card,hands-free head set and USB Data Cable included, this is the first time that I bought a phone and it did not include these standard accesories, other than that I like the phone, but I have to now go and purchase these accesories which should have been included with the phone.
Once paired with the Bluetooth headset, the sound and reception are clear.
I am having problems with dropped calls, battery life, microphone transmissions and this was out of the box problems.
Google says this is an endemic problem with these models and no solutions found online have been successful.
I especially love the voice command option to use with my headset.
So after researching a lot I found this phone and at a better price than with my carrier so I purchased it, came really fast with my Prime Membership and worked right out of the box, the only thing I had to do was to take it to my carrier because my old phone uses a micro sim card and this is a nano so no problem they gave it to me right away and worked immediately.
