The built-in stereo speakers deliver crystal clear sound.
Music sound (with good earphones) is very, very good - it is louder than on my previousNokia 5800XM which is music-oriented, so to speak.
Brings and 8gb micro SD and I've considered getting a bigger one since the music and multimedia applications are so good :) Still haven't mastered video conversion so I can't opinion on that, but the videos it brought look awesome.
1 sync with icloud is transparent creating just the icloud email accout+ Price.
Don't get too excited about the GPS - it's good in that it works without a data plan but it does take around 5 minutes to load and you do really need a micro SD card to store the maps.
Touch screen works well, great sounds, can make pretty high speaker volume on a speaker phone.
Camera is small in MegaPixel but the seamless Panoramic Patch-View mode that stitches together pictures by connecting invisible "floating boxes" works really well.
Pros: Good screen resolution, good sound quality, nice headset.
The speaker distorts sound if it is set at max but although I would expect better from a phone advertised exclusively as for music, it is typical of almost anything I have had plus I usually have on the earphones so the sound in not on max that makes this mostly a non-issue for me.
It is a good product I had one before I love it, that is why I bougth againg, but this one I got, came break, I have to take to the service to repair, because had trouble the microphone, it is not audible, I can not hear the person who is speaking and the problem is I live in other country.
For a phone, the full body sound from its stereo speakers was amazing.
The volume range is very good and the stereo speakers work surprisingly well.
I like speaker sound.
Earphones sounds as classic as Nokia always have been, sounds kinda loudy, wich is good when you are on your way to the University or to Work and you don't want to listen anything than your music.
Pros:Good Screen (720p, IPS Panel, Gorilla Glass 3)Superb Battery Life (48 hours of use, with YouTube, speakers, and social media)Excelent Touch ScreenLoud SpeakersSolid Build (its plastic, but the good one.
Looks and works as good as any smartphone on the market with Windows 10 near seamless integration across all Windows 10 OS devices and Microsoft cloud.
If you like the loud and clear sound quality, this phone is for you.
I can barely hear people when I talk on the phone, but it's not that big of a problem because I have a headset I use or just put it on loudspeaker/make sure I only make phone calls in quiet places.
Obviously, this is an issue with his hearing impairment, but it might be worth keeping in mind that even though the volume of the ringer can get loud, the ringtone may not be in a good frequency.
Call quality is pretty good though, and it came with a handsfree wired (it doesn't have bluetooth) headset.
It has good loudspeaker, volume can go really high.
Apps were enough for video+music, camera, a driving navigator, a walking map, public transit, some Nokia proprietary apps that work well; like the panoramic camera app that stiches together about 4 pictures.
This is similar to my old roaming phone (nokia xpressmusic 5220) which broke down finally ^-^ after 5 yrs of service, so I just removed my micro sd card and sim card from another country and voila.
The Nokia wired headset is better than Samsung's with clearer sound.
Calendar has a loud irritating alert sound.
Good reception, good photos, but the headset does not fit well.
I have been successful in carefully prising the cover off the phone: the but-end and then the two sides so they snap loose; then carefully raise the end to unhinge the back from around the earphone jack.
the volume with the headphones on is loud and good.
works well economical phone.
Color reproduction is very accurate and movies and other well encoded media looks absolutely amazingInternal Storage is 32GB which should be enough room for apps that will not install to the SD card and you get 26 of that for your useExpandable storage is (currently) limited to the largest micro SD card available 200GBBrowsing: It seems to be pretty good.
Really loud and surprisingly good sounding speakers.
Good sound, plenty loud voice and ringer.
The Nokia 5800 honestly impressed me, though not so initially, but after a couple weeks of usage it has the tendency to grow on its user offering a solid and sleek feel, gorgeous display, and outstanding audio (the audio is really that good, through speakers and earphones alike, especially with stereo widening enabled, it is truly an experience).
This copy isn't very good: the voice isn't good, the speaker isn't working always.
speakers are good quality, and it has 3g.
after a week I could barely hear sound out of the speaker.
The speakers are pretty good, the only problem is that it rattles if there's any bass at all in the song.
When set on full volume, calls through the handset are uncomfortably loud.
Overall sound is loud.
the only problem that i had with is that the speakers is not that good.
super long battery life, clean live sound from speakers, easy to use display and on-screen keyboard.
A really nice phone, battery life is good for a smart phone, the screen resolution is very good the its light weight, the memory is also expandable with an sd micro card 4g network makes browsing excellent.
"Express Music" should mean that media is no-problem with this phone, and so far, I am impressed with the overall sound quality of the phone and the included headphones / mic, though the quality of those headphones, and the fit, is a little iffy to me (these are in-ear type, I think I prefer buds).
Sync/Transfer files via Bluetooth (Finally you can use bluetooth as it is designed, not just for headset)6.
The speaker phone sounds better than my laptop when playing music, more balanced and a a sense of actual bass.
"John Smith, Mobile"PROSExcepts up to 8GB microSD RAMSpeed dial number oriented (allows more than one speed-dial number per phone book entry)Works well with Bluetooth: Tested with Bluetooth Headsets Jawbone ICON and Plantronics Discovery 975FOIBLESBattery CoverAs with other evaluations, the back of this phone is (putting it mildly) DIFFICULT to remove once the battery is inserted.
Expandable memory (microSDHC 8GB included, can accept larger cards as well).
Otherwise than that, the phone has good battery life, very clear headset speaker and back speaker is pretty loud, screens real bright and clear along with good display of colors.
Music sounds very good and the external speakers are very good, could be louder, but hey this is a phone not a boombox.
It handles website just as a PC and there is no difference with any websites, I can login to bank accounts and do anything like PC, it has stereo speakers but the Nokia Headsets are far Superior in sound quality and build and it comes with built in Mic and buttons for music track change so we can play music and attend calls without touching phone.
Phone display is impressive, camera is good, battery life good, speaker also okay.
The sound volume is good using it's internal speakers and with both wired and wireless headsets.
I had earbuds that produced a loudness of 93 decibels which made the listening experience mediocre but then I bought buds with a 110 db loudness and the sound is much better.
