Both ringtone and speaker are clear and loud.
- The external speaker is loud.
The only things I don't like is that the S5 is a longer phone and the audio does not seem quite as loud as the S3 and really weak compared to my Note 3.
The volume on calls could also be better for those in loud environments.
I like the alalrm feature the best as the music is loud and can really wake me up.
(just a pet peeve of mine) The speakers are average in tonal quality and loudness.
Also I'm hearing impaired and the ring tone would not be loud enough for me to hear unless I held phone up against my ear.
Screen too sensitive to touchRinger not loud enough.
Its designs is very attractive, runs WiFi very fast, sound of speakers is great and loud, etc.
the speaker phone is loud and clear.
has worked well for over a yearis splash proof, dipped it in ocean a couple of timessound quality not greatringer not loud enough for outdoorgood value for rugged phone.
the sound quality is loud however when you place the phone on a flat surface with screen up the sound is a little less loud , i guess they could of put the speaker on the side.
The speakers are not very loud, not enough for me to sing along during a shower.
contacts and calendar syncs with the microsoft cloud, so bye bye outlook and active sync, for good you dont need office license anymore to sync and backup your contacts and calendar, just an hotmail account and you are set.
if you are recording a moderately loud amplified band the video will look fine but sound like an unintelligible, distorted mess.
one thing that has happened is my phone when taking pictures with flash on wiline just turn off by itself and I have to take the entire phone apart and take the battery off just to get it to come back on and Ivery notice that when phone is on speaker phone Noone can hear me while I'm talking other then that the phone is great.
For Neg's, I would say the speaker phone could be a tad louder, flash for night time shots would be great and wish I could get a solid 3 days of use, otherwise I keep a charger in the car just incase.
Other notes:*battery life-it's a smartphone, so don't expect much*speaker-just as loud as, maybe even louder than, my sister's galaxy s3*camera-5 mp not so bad, flash great , image stabilization okay, video quality only good in youtube 720 hd mode*no security lock for apps/text messages, threaded messaging(great feature)*3G connectivityMore updates later***.
call quailty is better, I can hear the callers better, speaker phone is louder, its still pocketable, screen size is perfect, tad faster (1000mhz verse 600mhz), texting is easier due to larger keyboard, so I make less mistakes, love the address book, can add alot of info on each contact, 16gb of space AND you can add a transflash card.
I like an old phone ring,,they only have science fiction type ringsand songs dont play loud enough to get my attention.
Has direct up link with the cloud, never lose another pic-- perfect to share with select group of people.
The call quality is clear and the ringers are quite loud.
PROS:--great reliable Verizon reception--great call quality (no distorted or dropped phone calls)--ringer is quite loud (both the preloaded AND the downloaded and I don't have it on the highest setting)--camera takes pretty good pictures if it's main purpose is to take small pictures to send to friends & others or set as a phone background--battery life is good (the battery display is a little misleading (it says it's lower than it really is) but rest assured that you're good to go until it starts blinking)--display screen is bright and colorful and clear and the verizon logo doesn't take up half the screen and cut off the tops of my pictures like on my old audiovox--the phone is very nice looking and conveniently small (bigger than my old audiovox but currently the smallest phone availible from VerizonCONS:--no speakerphone.
