Music sound (with good earphones) is very, very good - it is louder than on my previousNokia 5800XM which is music-oriented, so to speak.
The phone wouldn't interact properly with hands free headsets, certain menu options were unavailable.
) Several times now, the phone has "frozen" and begun vibrating and buzzing loudly.
Easy to use and great loud ringtones.
The graphics on this phone is awesome the speakers are adequate and loud.
I can barely hear people when I talk on the phone, but it's not that big of a problem because I have a headset I use or just put it on loudspeaker/make sure I only make phone calls in quiet places.
The call quality is excellent and the speakers are top notch for a phone.
This phone takes the tiny Nokia barrel connector, it is NOT the common micro USB.
I have everything set as loud as it will go, but ringtones are still almost mute.
-A lot off apps in Ovi Store-The phone is fast, even with the 16gb microSD.
the volume with the headphones on is loud and good.
high hardware at low cost+ same configuration screens as our Windows pc's (for a telephone)+ Accept W10 Mobile+ Good recepetion, speed, functionsCons:- With W10 not working sync with icloud anymore- some not common apps no available (i.
Although not a "smart phone" this compact device is feature-packed with a camera for stills and video, a real music player, a real FM radio using your headset as its antenna, Bluetooth and USB, and data storage on a mini SD card.
The SIM tray is easy to use; because it is a tray, not a slot, I was able to insert the micro-SIM from my smartphone without any trouble.
It was nerve-wracking to cut the old SIM card (standard size) to the micro SIM size required for this phone, but I watched a couple of videos and took the plunge.
Calendar has a loud irritating alert sound.
Overall sound is loud.
Not a big deal, but if you are in the browser or using an application like Google Maps, you cannot activate the loudspeaker unless you exit the application while still in the phone call.
I had earbuds that produced a loudness of 93 decibels which made the listening experience mediocre but then I bought buds with a 110 db loudness and the sound is much better.
I suspect the battery forcing the cover up along with the unusual hinge angle over the earphone jack as the cause of the difficulty.
after a week I could barely hear sound out of the speaker.
This Nokia phone is lightweight, has great call quality, and has a removable battery (something you don't find in smartphones these days), and a micro sd card slot.
The built in speakers are the best I have ever heard coming from mobile phone or any other small device.
The speakers on this phone are amazing for a cell phone.
The speaker phone sounds better than my laptop when playing music, more balanced and a a sense of actual bass.
Obviously, this is an issue with his hearing impairment, but it might be worth keeping in mind that even though the volume of the ringer can get loud, the ringtone may not be in a good frequency.
Great for music, and as a speaker-phone.
one more thing I actually got a cover for the phone and I bought a reasonably priced 16 g microsd card because my 8 gb that the phone came with has 1.
It does not have a speaker phone as was adverised.
The built-in stereo speakers deliver crystal clear sound.
Comes with US charger, a basic headphone with mic and all the manuals.
First, the bluetooth doesn't work with headsets or your car, it is only for transferring files with Nokia's "Slam" thing.
Pros: Good screen resolution, good sound quality, nice headset.
Sound quality is great speakers a lil low for me but it must be me going deaf from the system in my car, but this phone is awesome.
Here's the problem this phone posed for me that make it not workable for my purposes: I do not like to "transfer" my files on the SD micro card; I like to pop it out of the phone, insert it into a thumb USB drive and plug it into my computer to open (I avoid all the registering, logging in here and there, updates that and this, tracking me here and there, and all the other pain in the butt trailer tagging electronic vendors tie to your every move/use.
The antenna was in the guise of Nokia's earphones.
But it's nice that the USB port and the port for charging battery and for speakers are all on the top of the cell phone and not on the bottom or the side- The Nokia ovi app store is propably the worst thing on this phone.
Low voice volume with incoming calls,which may caused by the earphones.
For a phone, the full body sound from its stereo speakers was amazing.
(I had read that some people felt the volume was too low when using the speakerphone.
I like speaker sound.
My only complaint is that the microphone suffers from the weird problem that cheap cell phones tend to have - that noises originating from 10-15 feet away from the phone come through much louder than the voice of the person holding the phone.
Any phone manufactured before around mid February was probably manufactured with the faulty ear piece speaker.
A minor thing but very important to me was a loud ringer and loud notifications which this phone has.
Earphones sounds as classic as Nokia always have been, sounds kinda loudy, wich is good when you are on your way to the University or to Work and you don't want to listen anything than your music.
What I like about the phone:1/ It is very sleek and fits snugly in the hand2/ The voice quality and the speakers are excellent and have enough power3/ It has WiFi and Bluetooth4/ I am a stylus type of guy and I like the handwriting capability - probably the best feature5/ Changing the SIM or the SD is a snap.
Was unable to dail out you could only talk on the phone with the speaker.
This little phone does almost everything I want from a phone, tells time on the front little screen (until you have had one that made you open it to see the time you don't know what a convenience the front screen is) calendar, alarms, customizable main screen display, MP3 player, with some know-how and a micro SD card you can get your mp3s to play as ring tones, and great colour.
Looks and works as good as any smartphone on the market with Windows 10 near seamless integration across all Windows 10 OS devices and Microsoft cloud.
(Not so much through the speakerphone - see Cons, below.
-Sound is spectacular on the headphones and not too shabby coming from two built in speakers.
The Nokia wired headset is better than Samsung's with clearer sound.
If you like the loud and clear sound quality, this phone is for you.
A really nice phone, battery life is good for a smart phone, the screen resolution is very good the its light weight, the memory is also expandable with an sd micro card 4g network makes browsing excellent.
The Nokia 5800 honestly impressed me, though not so initially, but after a couple weeks of usage it has the tendency to grow on its user offering a solid and sleek feel, gorgeous display, and outstanding audio (the audio is really that good, through speakers and earphones alike, especially with stereo widening enabled, it is truly an experience).
The only problem I have with it, the description says that the phone has a flashlight and radio but does have a flashlight and to use the radio you need a headset, I don't know if is because I received the T-Mobile version or because of the seller.
It is a good product I had one before I love it, that is why I bougth againg, but this one I got, came break, I have to take to the service to repair, because had trouble the microphone, it is not audible, I can not hear the person who is speaking and the problem is I live in other country.
Speakers are as loud as hell and excellent quality, earphones even better.
I've only downloaded one new ringtone, (brand-new, not copied from the Sony data card), but it isn't any louder than the ones already on the phone.
Brings and 8gb micro SD and I've considered getting a bigger one since the music and multimedia applications are so good :) Still haven't mastered video conversion so I can't opinion on that, but the videos it brought look awesome.
one aspect i really like is how it easily brings together all my microsoft devices.
That is easy to overcome, as far as Applications are concerned (you can override him with your voice), but I am yet to figure out how to change the preconceived notions, as far as "Contacts" are concerned - I cannot figure how to create a voice command to call my wife, unless I mimic the Finish guy's ideas as to how to pronounce a name.
It has an extra loud ringer setting and an option for a simultanious ringer/vibration setting which I like best.
I think the reason is that the speakerphone does not use the same volume setting as the normal mode.
Loud enough speaker but the back faceplate kept falling off every time she picked up her phone.
in addition the phone speaker was very weak that you can barely hear the voice.
Terrible call quality, speakerphone unusable.
Phone works great, looks great and shipped quiet quickly only issue is can with a European Charger so had to purchase micro-usb to usb cable to charge phone which I would have had to do to download and update system any way.
Impressive loudspeakers on voice calls which is something I find valuable.
In viewing the movies on the phone I was impressed at the display quality (16M colors, 640x) and more so with the audio quality - the stereo speakers were loud and rich, able to simulate the acoustic depth of the movie and I must say that it rivals some laptop speakers I have come across.
It automatically makes your alarm tone ascend, which is nice at first, but it keeps ascending for like 5-10 seconds and ends up being REALLY loud.
) Speakerphone/loudspeaker for calls and music  7.
This is similar to my old roaming phone (nokia xpressmusic 5220) which broke down finally ^-^ after 5 yrs of service, so I just removed my micro sd card and sim card from another country and voila.
Call quality has been excellent so far, both for the ear piece and for the speakerphone.
Really loud and surprisingly good sounding speakers.
The issue with earlier European phones that involved a defective ear speaker is not an issue with mine.
I added a louder ringtone which you can hear down the block.
5mm earphones and they have a microphone.
Its a great phone for SMS and rings really loud.
2 drawbacks are: Sound could be louder when playing music from the phone's music app and 2nd, camera could be better.
I have been successful in carefully prising the cover off the phone: the but-end and then the two sides so they snap loose; then carefully raise the end to unhinge the back from around the earphone jack.
super long battery life, clean live sound from speakers, easy to use display and on-screen keyboard.
Cumbersome procedure in switching to speaker phone upon placing a call.
It will pair with my cars and show the phonebook but not pass audio or calls through it or even when using a regular bluetooth headset.
Cons:Ringer is not so loud as it could be - can miss a call in noisy environment.
The speaker is amazing on this phone.
Otherwise than that, the phone has good battery life, very clear headset speaker and back speaker is pretty loud, screens real bright and clear along with good display of colors.
Music sounds very good and the external speakers are very good, could be louder, but hey this is a phone not a boombox.
The headset comes in 2 pieces with a piece that can control the music and phone, which is very nice.
The ringtone is loud enough for me to hear from another room in the house but I'm not sure it would be for someone with much hearing loss, and it takes a couple of swipes to get to the menu where the ringtone volume can be turned up.
"Express Music" should mean that media is no-problem with this phone, and so far, I am impressed with the overall sound quality of the phone and the included headphones / mic, though the quality of those headphones, and the fit, is a little iffy to me (these are in-ear type, I think I prefer buds).
When using the speaker phone option you can't initiate speaker until the other party answers which is very annoying.
PROS: Touch function, Screen resolution, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, Variety of applications available (including Skype), GPS for free, earbuds, phone speaker, signal strength.
Touch screen works well, great sounds, can make pretty high speaker volume on a speaker phone.
The speakers are not that loud enough to notice a incoming call.
The speaker distorts sound if it is set at max but although I would expect better from a phone advertised exclusively as for music, it is typical of almost anything I have had plus I usually have on the earphones so the sound in not on max that makes this mostly a non-issue for me.
The phone works great clear LOUD speaker phone, great fun snap shoot digital camera, great flash abilities to stream web content, great call quality, very pretty screen.
(Water damaged the in & out mics, but the rest of the phone works.
For this reason, she tends to use her bluetooth headset any time she talks on this phone.
I gave the phone 3 stars because I liked the phone's overall quality build and speaker phone volume and ease of use.
The only issue is that the volume on this phone is definitely not loud enough.
You have to press the up volume button while you're on the speakerphone in order to increase the volume to a more audible level.
Build quality of the earphones was poor though.
works well economical phone.
I have some issues with ringer & speakerphone volume, but not with radio & music volume.
Good sound, plenty loud voice and ringer.
The ability to access the micro SD without opening the phone is nice.
The only reason i give it a 4 star instead of a star is that it charges using a charger that is not a micro USB, which means if you lose your charger or forget it it may be difficult to find another one as i have not seen this type often ( its a small plug) but other than that functions great and is reliable especially if all you want to do is make calls or text.
When set on full volume, calls through the handset are uncomfortably loud.
I was disappointed with the Samsung - the phone itself was fine, but it used proprietary adaptors limiting my headset options.
As soon as I got the phone, I noticed three items (USB cable, headset & microSD card) were missing.
"John Smith, Mobile"PROSExcepts up to 8GB microSD RAMSpeed dial number oriented (allows more than one speed-dial number per phone book entry)Works well with Bluetooth: Tested with Bluetooth Headsets Jawbone ICON and Plantronics Discovery 975FOIBLESBattery CoverAs with other evaluations, the back of this phone is (putting it mildly) DIFFICULT to remove once the battery is inserted.
It handles website just as a PC and there is no difference with any websites, I can login to bank accounts and do anything like PC, it has stereo speakers but the Nokia Headsets are far Superior in sound quality and build and it comes with built in Mic and buttons for music track change so we can play music and attend calls without touching phone.
Very low volume, both on the small speaker and on the speakerphone.
If you're looking for an economical unlocked phone with lots of features, I highly recommend the 5800.
You can set it to play through the earbuds or through the speakerphone speaker.
ringer is not loud enough because I work outside on a boat.
The sound volume is good using it's internal speakers and with both wired and wireless headsets.
2 mg camera and video that are fun to use, 8gb of micro SD storage and easy USB connection to your computer for uploading your favorite tunes, which you can use for your ringtones.
