2) Speaker: Sound is so clear and loud.
The built-in stereo speakers deliver crystal clear sound.
When using the speaker phone option you can't initiate speaker until the other party answers which is very annoying.
Impressive loudspeakers on voice calls which is something I find valuable.
and very easy to use hand-free speaker.
The built in speakers are the best I have ever heard coming from mobile phone or any other small device.
Touch screen works well, great sounds, can make pretty high speaker volume on a speaker phone.
The speakers are not that loud enough to notice a incoming call.
The speaker distorts sound if it is set at max but although I would expect better from a phone advertised exclusively as for music, it is typical of almost anything I have had plus I usually have on the earphones so the sound in not on max that makes this mostly a non-issue for me.
The other problem is the ear piece speaker.
I gave the phone 3 stars because I liked the phone's overall quality build and speaker phone volume and ease of use.
The phone works great clear LOUD speaker phone, great fun snap shoot digital camera, great flash abilities to stream web content, great call quality, very pretty screen.
But it's nice that the USB port and the port for charging battery and for speakers are all on the top of the cell phone and not on the bottom or the side- The Nokia ovi app store is propably the worst thing on this phone.
I think the reason is that the speakerphone does not use the same volume setting as the normal mode.
For a phone, the full body sound from its stereo speakers was amazing.
(I had read that some people felt the volume was too low when using the speakerphone.
The graphics on this phone is awesome the speakers are adequate and loud.
The volume range is very good and the stereo speakers work surprisingly well.
I like speaker sound.
Any phone manufactured before around mid February was probably manufactured with the faulty ear piece speaker.
in addition the phone speaker was very weak that you can barely hear the voice.
Terrible call quality, speakerphone unusable.
Pros:Good Screen (720p, IPS Panel, Gorilla Glass 3)Superb Battery Life (48 hours of use, with YouTube, speakers, and social media)Excelent Touch ScreenLoud SpeakersSolid Build (its plastic, but the good one.
Was unable to dail out you could only talk on the phone with the speaker.
Loud enough speaker but the back faceplate kept falling off every time she picked up her phone.
In viewing the movies on the phone I was impressed at the display quality (16M colors, 640x) and more so with the audio quality - the stereo speakers were loud and rich, able to simulate the acoustic depth of the movie and I must say that it rivals some laptop speakers I have come across.
I can barely hear people when I talk on the phone, but it's not that big of a problem because I have a headset I use or just put it on loudspeaker/make sure I only make phone calls in quiet places.
(Not so much through the speakerphone - see Cons, below.
) Speakerphone/loudspeaker for calls and music  7.
Voice dialing (SIND speaker independent dialing and voice commands).
-Sound is spectacular on the headphones and not too shabby coming from two built in speakers.
It has good loudspeaker, volume can go really high.
Loundspeakers also work in stereo for music playback.
I rated only 4 stars because it's camera and loud speaker needs to be corrected/reformed.
The handset speaker did not work out of the box.
The call quality is excellent and the speakers are top notch for a phone.
but I have to say that the reception and speaker/mic quality was top notch.
You have to press the up volume button while you're on the speakerphone in order to increase the volume to a more audible level.
Call quality has been excellent so far, both for the ear piece and for the speakerphone.
5mm Plug to use for playing the radio through the speaker.
I have some issues with ringer & speakerphone volume, but not with radio & music volume.
Not a big deal, but if you are in the browser or using an application like Google Maps, you cannot activate the loudspeaker unless you exit the application while still in the phone call.
Really loud and surprisingly good sounding speakers.
The issue with earlier European phones that involved a defective ear speaker is not an issue with mine.
The Nokia 5800 honestly impressed me, though not so initially, but after a couple weeks of usage it has the tendency to grow on its user offering a solid and sleek feel, gorgeous display, and outstanding audio (the audio is really that good, through speakers and earphones alike, especially with stereo widening enabled, it is truly an experience).
This copy isn't very good: the voice isn't good, the speaker isn't working always.
Clear and loud speaker.
when you put a music with some boom boom like hip-hop and the volume is at his maximum it get a lil distortion, its noticible when you put the speakers at max volume.
speakers are good quality, and it has 3g.
Speakers are as loud as hell and excellent quality, earphones even better.
The speakers on this phone are amazing for a cell phone.
after a week I could barely hear sound out of the speaker.
+Speaker is fairly loud and better than other basic Nokia's.
The speakers are pretty good, the only problem is that it rattles if there's any bass at all in the song.
5mm audio jack where i can connect any speakers to use it as mp3 music player its at top like i pod.
the only problem that i had with is that the speakers is not that good.
PROS: Touch function, Screen resolution, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, Variety of applications available (including Skype), GPS for free, earbuds, phone speaker, signal strength.
super long battery life, clean live sound from speakers, easy to use display and on-screen keyboard.
I don't even need an additional speaker like I need for my Touch.
What I like about the phone:1/ It is very sleek and fits snugly in the hand2/ The voice quality and the speakers are excellent and have enough power3/ It has WiFi and Bluetooth4/ I am a stylus type of guy and I like the handwriting capability - probably the best feature5/ Changing the SIM or the SD is a snap.
Cumbersome procedure in switching to speaker phone upon placing a call.
Sound quality is great speakers a lil low for me but it must be me going deaf from the system in my car, but this phone is awesome.
she said she couldn't work the speaker part.
Music sounds very good and the external speakers are very good, could be louder, but hey this is a phone not a boombox.
The speaker phone sounds better than my laptop when playing music, more balanced and a a sense of actual bass.
The speaker is amazing on this phone.
Otherwise than that, the phone has good battery life, very clear headset speaker and back speaker is pretty loud, screens real bright and clear along with good display of colors.
Great for music, and as a speaker-phone.
Very low volume, both on the small speaker and on the speakerphone.
It handles website just as a PC and there is no difference with any websites, I can login to bank accounts and do anything like PC, it has stereo speakers but the Nokia Headsets are far Superior in sound quality and build and it comes with built in Mic and buttons for music track change so we can play music and attend calls without touching phone.
You can set it to play through the earbuds or through the speakerphone speaker.
It does not have a speaker phone as was adverised.
The sound volume is good using it's internal speakers and with both wired and wireless headsets.
Phone display is impressive, camera is good, battery life good, speaker also okay.
