Supposedly something came lose and they don't care because as far as they are concerned it's "Beyond Economical Repair".
Works great on consumer cellular, they were great helping me set it up, used micro sim from phone I upgraded from, phone is actually a at&t phone, you can't uninstall their apps but you can turn them off in the app Mgr so their icons don't show up.
I really like this phone seems like it is made really good, I do not have AT&T as my sever I have devote30 for $30 a month unlimited and taxing ,and this phone works grate ,it is a perfect size phone not to big or to small, I like that fact that I can go to another server and use it as long as they take AT&T phones ,,I can here nice and clear,,I just like this red color ,its charges real fast and the battery lasted all day and that evening I was on the phone for over five hours calling everyone and giving out my new number before the battery went dead it did beep to let me know the battery was low, I have no regrets getting this phone thinking of getting another one just so I have it for the future,, in case I brake or lose this one,,I really like the different headset plug in its different then most it's long and flat plug but seems that it will not ware out like the other ones do,,you do need to order the right head sets for AT&T samsung a777,witch Amazon has at a cheep price, witch I did and it works grate or you can buy the adapter,witch I also did so I could use my more expensive head sets on it as well,I also bought the case for this phone and it is well wroth it,.
The description says new but the phone came used, when I opened the back to put in my SIM card there was dirt and went inside and smudges all over the speaker and camera lens.
RELIABLE PROTECTION FROM WATER DAMAGE - I just wish it had a jack with which to use a headset/headphones.
I did have to go to the AT&T store to have them install a micro-SIM because my old phone used the mini-SIM so I could not simply swap it out between the two phones.
The reason why I gave it 4 stars is because the keyboard is somewhat hard to use for the first time, the text input is a few microseconds delayed when you use the keyboard and the keys are very sensitive.
The speakerphone feature is useless because the microphones (both bottom and top) are very muffled and people on the other side can barely hear me.
also i managed to use 32 gb micro sd card.
Unusual features like a micro SD slot and Bluetooth connectivity put it ahead of standard flip phones of the period, and the design is extremely user friendly.
8Ghz (Quad core though)Button placement (biggest con for me)Speakers (I'm used to front facing Harman Kardon speakers)Additional thoughts:The interface is a love hate thing for most people.
CONS: Despite having a card slot and dual sim capability It cannot be used simultaneously it either you use the 2nd sim slot for micro sd or nano sim.
The phone is pretty much as expected, case is perfect, screen is perfect, its like new but its a phone and therefore i have to be able to actually HEAR people with it in other words the auricular is messed up, i cannot use it unless i put it on speaker phone, big dissapointment.
I especially love the voice command option to use with my headset.
My Galaxy S4's both microphone and speaker stopped functioning in 3 months after I bought it (which apparently was a very frequent failure of S4), and after 1.
The first phone could only be used on speaker mode.
unfortunately I can not return because I'm not in the US but are a fraud Algon offer is not up photos in the gallery had the phone and separate the speaker does not work FRAUD.
Beautiful screen, WP7 nice OS but that's all, saddly it can happen to you to receive a defective phone, there are two main problems with it:-Problems with the cell phone restarting without end, this can happen after using an app, any app in my case it was skype or the maps application-Mic not workingEven when I was able to use the phone with the restart problem avoiding to use the smart part of the phone the mic problem rendered the cell phone into a piece of junk.
For less than the price of a used Iphone 3g, I got a factory unlocked phone that can do all the same things, but adds microsoft office, an hd camcorder, and the biggest factor is that this phone asks before distributing all your private user information.
These days, I only use it so as a microSD card reader.
When the phone is on the charger, it's actually ergonomically positioned and shaped perfectly for me to still be able to type very comfortably and still use the phone.
I haven't had any trouble with muffled speakers (because of the waterproof seal) or even dropped calls.
9) Microphone and speaker for phone handset to head functions well.
It has a micro usb charger which is the same charger used by most smartphones (android and windows) these days.
On speaker and normal use when volume is turned up to max the sound may loose some clarity but I'm sure that one may be related to other background noise and user voice.
Phone cames with hands free earphones and travel charger, wich has a usb connector, so you use the same cable to charge device or connect to pc to transfer music, pictures, videos and software updates via ZUNE.
This phone is really slim and light, the opposite of HTC Surround, which is much thicker and heavier because of the sliding speaker.
I ended up returning this phone because the speaker did not work.
For Neg's, I would say the speaker phone could be a tad louder, flash for night time shots would be great and wish I could get a solid 3 days of use, otherwise I keep a charger in the car just incase.
(However, most youtube, cbs 60 minutes, wall street journal videos are viewable)2) When using skype you may infrequently experience echo, to circumvent the the echo use a Jabra Tour speakerphone with bluetooth pairing which has noise cancelling software.
I was really excited to get this phone for my dad everything was nice and new and I sent it to himTurns out you cant put a micro sd card in it because one of the gold prongs are broken off very disappointed because it is now in another statecand I cant return it.
Specially the camera, I try to use the panoramic mode and the sphere mode 10 times and the camera would shutdown.
I like the phone, but I was disappointed that only the phone charger, battery and user guide was included in the box, I expected this phone to have the micro SD-card,hands-free head set and USB Data Cable included, this is the first time that I bought a phone and it did not include these standard accesories, other than that I like the phone, but I have to now go and purchase these accesories which should have been included with the phone.
I had to clean out the microphones before I was able to use the speakerphone feature.
The calling plans are very flexible and economical depending on how much you plan to use the phone.
PROS:--great reliable Verizon reception--great call quality (no distorted or dropped phone calls)--ringer is quite loud (both the preloaded AND the downloaded and I don't have it on the highest setting)--camera takes pretty good pictures if it's main purpose is to take small pictures to send to friends & others or set as a phone background--battery life is good (the battery display is a little misleading (it says it's lower than it really is) but rest assured that you're good to go until it starts blinking)--display screen is bright and colorful and clear and the verizon logo doesn't take up half the screen and cut off the tops of my pictures like on my old audiovox--the phone is very nice looking and conveniently small (bigger than my old audiovox but currently the smallest phone availible from VerizonCONS:--no speakerphone.
So after researching a lot I found this phone and at a better price than with my carrier so I purchased it, came really fast with my Prime Membership and worked right out of the box, the only thing I had to do was to take it to my carrier because my old phone uses a micro sim card and this is a nano so no problem they gave it to me right away and worked immediately.
