All in all great for anyone starting smart phones.
The positives, clear bright screen, fairly fast, Wifi, decent picture quality.
As a long time smart phone owner (original iPhone, iPhone 3GS, Moto Droid for 1 month and Nexus One for 8 months), I was very excited to get my Samsung Captive.
PROS:It will charge fast.
Clear phone call quality and easy to use Nokia OS.
It was very quick and easy trip to the cell phone store to setup.
It's fast and app storage only limited by the size of the sd card.
This is my first smart phone and although I was spoiled with my simple flip phone, I am learning to love the many features.
It has 3G tec, batery life is also good, menu is friendly and easy to work.
A good, unlocked smartphone that meets all and more that I need to stay connected.
I actually like the fact that it fits into my purse's phone pocket compared to some of the other newer smart phones and this is great for when I travel.
Great product and fast delivery.
Not a bad phone when your not into smart phones.
I liked the version Samsung China has wireless charger, 3 gb of ran, is fast I have no problem with it for the moment.
Even so it's a great format, super fast and super easy to learn and use.
Great phone very easy to use simple I love it works well price is great to.
If you are looking for something easy to use and your main thing is the touchscreen maybe you should look for another phone.
This Samsung has the same powerful performance of the expensive smartphones at a very attractive price.
It was very easy to use.
I love the display and the only thing i don't like too mcuh is the writing panel cuz I like to use the small one and it's a little hard to get every letter straight however the big one is very spacious and nice.
Being upgradeable with its memory is a definite plus and you can even have many memory cards since it's hot swappeable, technically that is unlimited memory.
I would recommend this to anyone with a GSM carrier that wants a great up to date smartphone.
This is all I'm looking for, an easy to use and great looking phone.
We have android based smart phone and Kindle Fire, so I want something slightly different.
It's unlocked, and I'm outside the US, and it was quite easy, I just slip in the sim and it worked perfectly with the local network.
I have T-Mobile service and it was very easy to simply switch my SIM card to this phone from my old one.
So, since I am no fan of smart phones, and frankly there is no other rugged phone (with termometer, compass, flashlight, noise meter) that is available in Europe I was amazed to see the new 5140s on Amazon.
It was affordable, fast, and I loved the big bright screen.
Easy to use, practical and so fast.
But is worth it cuz this phone is really fast and the apps from Microsoft and Lumia are wonderful.
It's pretty easy to use for someone who has never had a touch screen before, and even has a help screen in every section plus tip video clips.
What's more is the variety of apps available for the phone, I can recommend a few that I have found quite useful: Photo Browser, Handy Shell, Paint Pad, Phone Torch, Opera Mini, AccuWeather, QuickOffice, GoogleMaps and Fring.
its ok is what i was looking for my dad very basic phone because he only use it to make phone calls no need an smart phone.
Love it , the battery life lasts longer than my smart phone.
Nokia Xpress is a bit sucky but I downloaded an Opera browser for the phone and it works slightly better so internet experience is pretty easy.
, not smart), and you want a qwerty keyboard to do your texting on, this is a great phone.
That person does not want or need any smartphone functionality, and for this purpose, this phone is a perfect replacement.
Ever since I have used smart phones, nokia and symbian s60 has been my favorites, my last two phones being the n95-3 and the e71.
Second, the phone runs hot when browsing the internet and also using GPS actively (GPS when in flight mode).
Alpha is much faster.
Okay but seriously I love this thing, I bought this to replace a ( Nokia C3 touch and Type ) which has unbelievably tiny keys This one however is for me the phone of my dreams it is very easy to use and for it's compact size is loaded with tons of functionsMeasurementsLength 7 inches.
She wanted a phone that was easy to answer and easy to hang up calls that didn't have an unlock code.
The Nokia 6350 is a good phone for individuals who do not want a smart phone.
Although not a "smart phone" this compact device is feature-packed with a camera for stills and video, a real music player, a real FM radio using your headset as its antenna, Bluetooth and USB, and data storage on a mini SD card.
As a first time smart phone user, this phone is perfect for me.
The smart phone type features are easier and faster to use than any smart phone I have used.
There is nothing to complain about, I'm glad to have this smartphone.
I recommend this phone to folks who are not interested in smart phone features.
The full digital keyboard is easy to use with the stylus (a bit tough for those of us with fat fingers.
I was really suprised at how fast i recieved this phone.
Works fast without lags.
I had one that did not have the fast charge capability, so wanted to see if there would really be any difference.
The OS is reliable, stable, very easy to use, and the battery life is pretty decent.
I know I will be forced into a smart phone sooner rather than later, but I found I definitely like this phone better than anything else I can afford right now.
The shipping of the phone was very fast and even earlier than expected.
Also, unlike later “smartphones,” your access to the Internet is strictly through your cellular service (in my case Consumer Cellular); there is no Wi-Fi capability for charge-free access at home or any “hot spots” on the road.
The phone is great to hold, looks nice, works fast and smooth.
Performance: 4/5It is fast enough.
The camera is better, the processor is faster and I don't have the dead spots for service that I had with my iphone.
This is an excellent smartphone that my son is completely happy with after 3 weeks of use.
It performed fast enough for normal everyday use.
Pairs up fast and easy to my moto bluetooths.
This is our first smartphone.
After i broke my focus I bought from att, I tried to save a little money buying from amazon, i bought my replacement from blutekusa, it came fast like they said and in a different box then at&t woulda came in, after two weeks i tried to plug it into the computer and it said device was malfunctioning, they sent me a new one as said, second came with no plug for the wall outlet charging and after two days it wont stop turning on and off.
It is, however, fast.
As a media device it features second to none audio quality (with good encoding and headphones it sounds incredible), and a truly amazing screen for photo viewing and video playback.
easy to use, clear picture easy on the eyes.
It's a simple phone that is easy to use for phone calls and texting.

